S5E1:
Man: Haven’t done one of these in a while. You? My wife thinks that I’m at a friend’s house for our fantasy draft. Doesn’t even occur to her that we’re in the middle of the season. Doesn’t even occur her.
Man 2: We left one sitting at the counter, sir.
Enoch: Yeah. Not on the list.
Enoch: And the coat pockets. Clean it up, please. Watch the clock. The moment is fast approaching, everybody.
Coulson: Is everyone all right?
Mack: Yeah, I think so.
Virgil: Are you out of your skull? What the hell are you doing, blowing the damn window?
Jones: I… It’s called improvisation.
Virgil: You suicidal? Do you want to be a vacancy?
Jones: I couldn’t see another way to kill that thing. We’re safe now, okay? Quit howling.
Virgil: The other guy I hired isn’t safe. He’s frozen in the vacuum of space.
Jones: Yeah, well, I’ll take his cut, too. Relax. You can keep his rations.
Coulson: Hi.
Jones: What in the hell?!
Coulson: Don’t shoot. Thanks.
Virgil: Oh, my God. My God, you’re here.
Coulson: That I’m slowly figuring out. Sorry, I-I think I might be a little confused.
Virgil: Disoriented, of course. It’s quite a journey. I didn’t know how you traveled here, but I knew it wasn’t gonna be first class. You’re here. Agent Coulson of S.H.I.E.L.D. You’ve come to save us.
Coulson: Yeah, just to clarify, where is here, who is us, and from what?
Jones: Move! Let’s go! Is this the whole shipment, Viril?
Virgil: Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait!
Jones: Go!
Virgil: Where are the others?! Wait! Where are the others? You weren’t the only one to travel through, were you?
Coulson: I don’t think so. Um, I’m sorry, what was that?
Virgil: The gravitational flux must’ve messed with your entry. We got to wait for the rest of them, okay?
Jones: You’ll have to triple my tokens to get me to stay a minute longer. One of those Roaches gets us, you’ll pay me to shoot you in the head.
Virgil: Get back. Stay back. Shh!
Coulson: All right, all right, that’s enough. Can we… I’d like to know, if you don’t mind, what is happening here, please.
Virgil: Okay. Yeah. Sorry. I-I didn’t know how much you would know about our current situation coming in.
Coulson: Zero. Walk me through it like I’m a child, like I’m a foreign child. What was that thing?
Virgil: Right. Right. That was a Vrellnexian. We call them Roaches. They can surf gravity storms so they’d be able to breach a few years back. This level’s been sealed up ever since then. It’s my first time here.
Coulson: And who are you?
Virgil: Right, sorry. Stupid me. My name is Virgil. I’m the greeting party and a fan.
Coulson: Great to have a name, Virgil, but looking for big picture, here. I mean, who are you?
Virgil: I’m one of the true believers.
Coulson: Believers in what?
Virgil: In you.
Coulson: Mack.
Mack: You okay? What the hell is going on?
Coulson: I was about to find out.
Mack: Oh, my bad. I see a dirty-looking dude hovering over you with a crazy-looking gun. I acted on impulse. Where’d that rock send us?
Coulson: Well, I don’t have many details, but I do know we’re in space.
Mack: Yeah, that makes sense. That’s the one thing we haven’t done yet. All right, so, where’s everyone else?
Simmons: Wait. Yo-Yo. No, Yo-Yo, wait! It’s me.
Elena: Simmons?
Simmons: What on Earth… I’m lucky there were no knives.
Elena: What the hell were you doing with that mask, trying to give me a heart attack?
Simmons: Well, I wasn’t sure the air was safe in here. They were trying to get out. I thought maybe it was for air when I saw this mask on the ground, but I guess not.
Elena: Do you really… Is that the smartest thing?
Simmons: They’re already dead. There’s nothing to be scared of.
Elena: No. Of course not. Oh, that looks like Momia Juanita from the Incan…
Simmons: The Incan mummies, yeah. These people have been dead for a long while, but their bodies seem absent all interstitial fluid. It’s completely dehydrated them, preserving them.
Elena: Dehydrated how? Frozen?
Simmons: No. Drained.
Elena: Oh. “They’re already dead. There’s nothing to be scared of.” Really? What sucks a human dry?
Mack: Aliens.
Elena: Mack.
Mack: I’m happy to see you, too, but I’m not happy we’re here.
Simmons: Aliens.
Mack: Yep. Coulson’s 99 percent sure we’re in space.
Simmons: Not again. All right. Any idea which part of space we’re in?
Coulson: Uh, outer?
Elena: And you saw an alien?
Coulson: No. We saw what they can do.
Simmons: So we have no idea what kind of creature these people are trying to get away from.
Coulson: Question I’m asking is, who locked them in?
May: ‘Cause this wasn’t fun enough.
Mack: It’s stupid. Just stupid.
Coulson: All right. I get it.
Mack: Look, I’m just saying, what good is it having a state-of-the-art robotic hand if you don’t have it on you when you’re kidnapped by Martians?
Elena: Looks like he’s got both hands to me.
Mack: Ah, that’s his civvy hand. It’s just a prosthetic without all the cool doodads. It should’ve been a hook. At least you can stab things with a hook.
Coulson: Thought I was gonna be arrested.
Elena: So, wait, that one doesn’t have the blowtorch or the laser gun or anything?
Coulson: First of all, I’m not Inspector Gadget. And second of all, the authorities would’ve confiscated it. Prison’s bad enough without being down an appendage.
Mack: First rule of Boy Scouts is always come prepared.
Simmons: How were we supposed to prepare for this, Mack?
Mack: I don’t know. I mean, we got to be prepared for everything, apparently. Look, not a day ago, I was trapped inside a-a computer-generated mind prison, and now… You know what? You know what, Coulson? I’m out. I’m out. We get through this, I am packing it in.
Coulson: Sorry, Mack. You already quit years ago.
Mack: Yeah, well, I didn’t quit hard enough. Look, I am not comfortable at the pace at which we deal with new trials and tribulations.
Simmons: Believe it or not, Mack, this isn’t new for me. I’ve been hurled through space by a monolith before. Best we can do is keep our heads and apply the scientific method.
Coulson: That’s right. Learn what we can about our circumstances. So, are these people human?
Simmons: Humanoid, at least. Means we aren’t the first ones here. That’s good.
Coulson: Is it? We don’t exactly want to follow in their footsteps.
Simmons: They’ve got no I.D.s. Fury never said anything about deep-space outposts being developed, did he?
Coulson: There was nothing like this in his black box.
Elena: So, wait, S.H.I.E.L.D. doesn’t have a space division called S.P.E.A.R. or something? Really? I always thought you guys had people hiding on the moon.
Coulson: Hey! Wake up! Geez, Mack, how hard did you hit him?
Mack: What do you mean? As hard as I possibly could. Look, I-I don’t half-hit people. It’s a punch. That’s why it’s called a punch.
Simmons: What did he say before that?
Coulson: He said that we were coming here to serve a purpose.
Elena: As food?
Coulson: No. He said we were here to save them. Any idea what that is?
Simmons: No.
Coulson: Here we go. Well, looks like he’s from Earth.
Elena: Or he ate someone from Earth.
Simmons: So it is a human outpost.
Mack: Yeah, and, of course, it’s being overrun by creatures that suck out your innards. I should’ve been a fireman.
May: Aah!
Virgil: Hey. Hey. Uh… How long have I been out? We can’t… We can’t linger here.
Coulson: Yeah, sorry. Mack thought you were an imminent threat.
Virgil: Alphonso “Mack” Mackenzie. Oh, it’s good to meet you. How do you know me? Oh, I know all of you. Yo-Yo Rodriguez. Is it okay if I call you Yo-Yo?
Elena: No.
Virgil: Okay. Jemma Simmons, biochemistry. I’m sorry Fitz didn’t get to make the trip, but he is thinking of you.
Mack: Hey! How do you know us?
Virgil: I’ve been studying you for years, your history. I mean, I always believed. I mean, I had moments, but they… they tried to take that last bit away from me, but I always believed the stories were true.
Simmons: What stories?
Virgil: Well, this one, that you would… you would come.
Coulson: To save you, Virgil, from those aliens that were attacking?
Virgil: No, those… No. The… The Roaches are an anomaly, a glitch in the plan. Don’t be crazy. You’re not here to save me.
Coulson: Who, then?
Virgil: Humanity.
Mack: W-W–
Virgil: I’m sorry. This is a lot to dump on your plate, but how do you eat an elephant, right? This will make a lot more sense once I show you…
Coulson: Got to let that guy finish his sentence.
Coulson: Go. Go.
Elena: Go.
Daisy: Right?
Coulson: Yes, that was right, and not the only one.
Deke: I’ve been looking for you.
May: Aah!
Deke: You know, I didn’t want to hurt you, but the idea is starting to grow on me. I deserve better than this.
May: Tell that to the corpses.
Deke: Damn. I was not prepared for that, I got to admit. You pack a big punch for such a small package. I got to read the fine print next time. I hate wasting the charge on that thing. Honestly, I wasn’t trying to hurt you, but you had a lead pipe at the ready, and I can’t… Okay. I guess we’ll stick with the first impression.
May: I don’t know what you did to these people or why I was dragged here, but…
Deke: Save it. The less I know, the better.
Daisy: So, is there anything you want to fill us in on, Coulson? ‘Cause now’s the time.
Coulson: You know what I know.
Daisy: This doesn’t have anything to do with the little bargain that you made with the Ghost Rider?
Mack: Yeah, that thing doesn’t ride for free. There has to be some price.
Coulson: Nope. This is all new to me. Sorry. It’s… That’s just the reality.
Elena: Well, maybe this isn’t reality. Maybe someone put us back in the Framework and this is a simulation.
Daisy: Please, we have to shut up about that.
Coulson: My God, if I even think about that, my brain will explode.
Simmons: Again, let’s not just postulate. Let’s apply scientific principles and consider the evidence we have.
Mack: Look, this is magic, okay? Can we all agree there’s some magic at play?
Simmons: Magic is just science we don’t understand yet.
Mack: Ah, please. We just got zapped through space by Stonehenge, and we’re trying to rule out the involvement of a flame-headed demon from east L.A.? Science my ass. Now, let me see that gun. Maybe I can try to get it working.
Simmons: Fitz would agree, but, apparently, he didn’t get taken.
Daisy: No. At least, he wasn’t in the room with the monolith. I was the last to go through. I saw it all.
Simmons: Well, that’s some relief. He’s safe from this, better off than we are.
Daisy: Yeah. You okay?
Simmons: Fine. What, do you think he isn’t better off? He has to be.
Daisy: No, that’s not what I’m saying.
Simmons: Or that he did something drastic? He wouldn’t do that. He was right there with us at the diner.
Daisy: No, I’m not saying any of that. It’s just you guys are constantly torn apart.
Simmons: Cursed, as he would say. Well, I’m not afraid that he isn’t here. I’m thrilled. He’s no doubt working this problem, probably trying to get a message to us right now. Better for everyone he isn’t here.
Daisy: Yeah, well, May did get pulled through. I saw it. So we should find her.
Coulson: We should split up.
Mack: Oh, hell, no.
Elena: No, no. Yeah, let’s not do that.
Mack: We are sticking together 100 percent. Haven’t you ever seen an alien movie?
Daisy: Mack, it’s the best way to cover the most ground.
Mack: Okay, you see, you see, that’s exactly what they say before they get picked off one by one, and you know who the first one will be.
Daisy: It’s your call, boss.
Coulson: This has to be the coolest we’ve ever looked.
Deke: That ought to keep the Roaches away for a while. Smell drives them nuts, I think. But you kick me again, and I’m gonna leave you to be their dessert. Now, this is gonna hurt like hell, but it’s better than the other way we can do it. I don’t know where you flushed out of, but in this sector, you can’t go 10 feet without a Metric. Hey. Don’t move. One inch the wrong way, and you’re a vacancy.
Daisy: Yo-Yo, you want to scout up ahead?
Elena: All clear for now.
Coulson: Seems like it’s just a lot of work just to keep this place afloat.
Simmons: But it’s designed for humans to survive, atmosphere and simulated gravity, and the machinery seemed to be for reclaiming water, I think.
Coulson: Yeah, it looks man-made.
Simmons: Could possibly be a colony? Moving mankind to the stars? Maybe that’s what Virgil meant by “humanity.”
Coulson: I don’t know. That plasma gun wasn’t man-made, and I don’t think they could’ve built this place without some outside help. Got some serious miles on it.
Simmons: Decades by the look of it.
Coulson: Means this program would’ve had to have been started back in the, what, '80s with Howard Stark? That doesn’t feel right.
Mack: Yo-Yo found something.
Daisy: Nothing.
Elena: Nothing alive.
Coulson: Hey.
Elena: They didn’t get to her, did they?
Coulson: May would’ve put up a fight. And they left the other bodies here.
Daisy: “Water reclamation.”
Coulson: You were right, Jemma.
Simmons: I figured it out using magic.
Daisy: I can try and find a layout and track May.
Simmons: It’s in English. They’re tracking debris fields called “frozen oceans.” They’re collecting water from ice in space. This is a colony.
Coulson: Which means unless they all came through a monolith…
Daisy: Then we’re close enough to Earth for people to travel here.
Mack: And we can get home.
Simmons: Yes, but just as important, collecting ice means they have a spacecraft, and if they have a spacecraft, they must have a laser-based rapid-transmission system. If we can find the ship and fly above the debris field…
Coulson: We can send a message.
Simmons: … we can send a message to Fitz back on Earth.
Daisy: Okay, okay, so if I can find a layout, find a ship, find May, it’s a start. This interface looks similar to… Coulson, do you recognize this language?
Coulson: No. I don’t think humans are running this place after all.
Daisy: Mack? Yo-Yo?
Kree (in Kree): We’ll leave these transgressors to the floor chief? To use as he needs. He should be interested that they’ve removed their Metrics.
Daisy: Hey. What are you gonna do with our friends?
Kree: Whatever we want. Experiment. They knew the rule, and they broke it.
Daisy: They’re not gonna make it easy for you.
Kree: No. They’ll beg for their lives as you humans always do. I’ve done 22 rotations, and I have never observed anything else.
Mack: It’s great to get some alone time with you, but I really wish you had run away with your super-speed instead.
Elena: Yeah, you forget I snap back to where I started. Sometimes it’s very useful, but other times, it’s super annoying.
Mack: You speak English?
Kree: Of course.
Mack: Let her go. She didn’t do anything.
Kree: I said we speak English. That doesn’t mean I want to hear it.
Mack (in Spanish): How do you think Papa Smurf here feels about a little Espanõl?
Coulson: Okay. New theory.
Simmons: The Kree have been abducting humans to this outpost for years.
Daisy: Running experiments?
Simmons: Well, their genetic work in creating Inhumans is well-known. Maybe they’re doing more of the same.
Daisy: Yeah, well, I’m not gonna wait around to find out. So…
Coulson: May.
Deke: Buddy! Just go with it. I’ve been looking everywhere for you guys. Man What a mess back there, huh? These poor suckers. Virgil, you know, from R&R? He was trying to scam these guys out of some tokens. This one came running to me begging for help, the poor thing. When I get my hands on that no-good louse, he’s gonna have some explaining to do. So where is Virgil, anyway?
Coulson: He’s dead.
Deke: Good. Good. Got what he deserved, then, didn’t he, for trying to drag these poor transfers up from processing into the wet works just to steal their Metrics. So he’s just Roach food then, huh?
Coulson: Oh, yeah.
Deke: One more vacancy, right?
Coulson: That’s what I was gonna say.
Deke: Guys, what did I say about trusting Virgil, huh? We went over this. What did I say?
Simmons: Don’t trust Virgil.
Daisy: Not to trust him.
Deke: God, you repeated it back to me, and we said back, it was like a pass-and-catch thing. Look, I really appreciate your help with these guys, but I can take them off your hands, and then I’ll slip you a few extra tokens for your trouble. Listen, I’ll be… I’ll be honest with you, man to more than a man. If I can’t get these guys back to processing at warp speed, I am gonna be in some pretty hot water. So I know it’s not ideal, but… Look, if you… if you come by the gallery for an hour or two, I’ll make it worth your while, all right? All good, gang. So, single file.
Mack (in Spanish): Feel free to wiggle out of those restraints any time now, darling.
Elena (in Spanish): Shut-up. Stop provoking them. But your Spanish is so much better.
Mack (in Spanish): Spanish was mandatory at Hope’s school.
Kree (in Kree): He’s holding up well for a human. He might be well fitted for fighting in the Crater. He’s a good size. He could make a nnice gift for Kasius?
Kree 2 (in Kree): That could earn us some points. Good thinking. (in English) We’ll spare you to provide us greater satisfaction than killing you would bring. She’ll pay that price for you.
Mack: Stop! Stop! No! No!
Coulson: You good?
May: Banged up but okay. We in space?
Coulson: That’s affirmative.
May: Copy that.
Deke: What the hell happened to Virgil? The Roaches get him?
Coulson: Sorry to say. Was he a friend?
Deke: Acquaintance. He owed me a ton of tokens for this job.
Simmons: Job?
Deke: All he said was that he wanted to hide some people. That’s not unheard of. So I was hired to supply the Metrics and swap them out, but you guys don’t even have Metrics, which means that you don’t have the tokens to cover Virgil’s end, so have fun.
Daisy: Hey, wait, wait. We need your help. We need to find our friends.
Deke: Your friends? Your friends attacked a Kreeper. They’re as good as gone. Those blues are bred to kill, so you just you make your peace with it.
Coulson: We’ll take our chances. Listen, if you could just help us find them and then get to the spacecraft…
Deke: You mean the Trawler? To do what? The only pilot I knew was Virgil, may he rest in peace, apparently. So best of luck to all you guys, but mine’s running out.
Coulson: You got a name?
Deke: Deke.
Coulson: Well, Deke, we just wanted pie, and now we don’t know where we are or what’s going on, and we finally found someone who does, so you’re not walking away.
Simmons: Where’s the Trawler?
Deke: Take a lift down to level nine. You can’t miss it.
Coulson: May, take Simmons. Get that spacecraft in the air. Send out the signal. Daisy and I will find Mack and Yo-Yo.
Daisy: No, no, wait. You stay here. What? I’ve got two good fighters down there once I get the restraints off. I’ll be fine. We can’t lose our leader again. We need answers.
Coulson: You want me to stay here and grill this guy?
Daisy: Find out where the hell and what the hell, sir.
Deke: Good plan.
Coulson: What do the Kree want with us, Deke?
Deke: All they ever want, submission.
May: Whoa. How many Kree live here?
Simmons: Too many. Think about it. The Kree have been studying humans for years, moving here in large numbers.
May: Kree who were bred to kill.
Simmons: Bred to kill and living within striking distance of Earth. This isn’t an outpost, May.
May: It’s a staging ground. They’re planning an invasion.
Kree (in Kree): At some point her arms should just snap off.
Coulson: What do you mean “submission?” Are the Kree planning some sort of attack?
Deke: Attack on whom exactly?
Coulson: Humans.
Deke: Why would they do that?
Mack: Stop! Please! I’ll do anything! Just stop!
Kree: Quiet, or we’ll change our minds about you.
Simmons: Can you start her up?
May: That’s the ignition port, I think, but, uh, we obviously don’t have the key.
Simmons: What are the chances of them leaving it in here? Wait.
May: Well, that worked out.
Simmons: Have you ever flown a spaceship?
May: You know the answer to that question.
Simmons: I have no words.
May: Don’t need them.
Coulson: So, then why did the Kree build this place?
Deke: They didn’t build the bunker. Humans did. Why don’t you know these things? Even in waste processing, they know the history… You’re not from processing, are you?
Coulson: No. I was enjoying a meal, and then I was taken and zapped to this place. I’m from Earth.
Deke: Yeah, well, that would be the one thing that I do know, wing nut. But from where? What area?
Coulson: Manitowoc, Wisconsin.
Deke: Are you high on something? Can I have some?
Mack: You okay? Thought you were gonna lose these for a second there.
Elena: I was starting to picture myself with two hooks.
Daisy: Wait. Wait. Yeah, help me get him up. We can gain access now, maybe talk to the Trawler ship, find their location.
May: We need to get up off this debris field if we want a clear signal.
Simmons: Yeah, if I can figure out how to send one. I mean, the good news is, I-I recognize some of these constellations, so we’re… we’re at least in our own galaxy.
Coulson: That doesn’t make sense. How long ago did they build this place, and when did you first come here?
Deke: I don’t know. They built it 90-some-odd years ago, minimum. But I… what do you mean “come here?” I was born here.
Elena: Que pasa, Mack?
Mack: These… These filtration systems, they weren’t designed for this. They’ve been repurposed.
Daisy: Yeah, I feel like this machine’s out of its element, too. I found the coordinates to this place, but it’s listing our location in longitude and latitude.
Mack: The postcard.
Coulson: 90 years ago? That… That’s impossible. The tech in here couldn’t have been developed in the '20s.
Deke: Wait. No Metrics, no scars, Wisconsin, pie. Tell me again about when you were taken.
Coulson: We were… We were sitting in our favorite diner just off Columbus Drive.
Deke: No, not… not where. When? What year?
Coulson: That monolith was different, wasn’t it? We didn’t travel through space.
May: Are you seeing what I’m seeing?
Simmons: I know, May. I recognize all of these constellations.
May: I meant that.
Simmons: No reason to send a message back to Earth. We’re already here.

S5E2:
Simmons: It’s gone. Ev-Every
May: One.
Simmons: What was that?
May: Let’s hope this ship is designed to take a few hits. Hold on! Thrusters are misfiring! Talk to me, what do we do?
Simmons: You’re the pilot! It knocked something out of alignment. Nothing’s working properly.
May: Simmons, we don’t want to hit that. Are you trying to kill us?
Simmons: First rule of I.T., turn it off and turn it back on again. Oh! No, this should be working.
May: No!
Simmons: Come on!
May: Hang on.
May: This is Earth.
Coulson: We’re in the future!
Simmons: It’s all destroyed. Coulson, please, tell me it’s impossible.
Coulson: I think we can all agree at this point that anything is possible. Glad you’re all right. Your guy, Virgil, he didn’t tell you anything else about his plan to bring us back from the past?
Deke: I’m just still trying to fit all these ideas inside my skull.
Coulson: And you haven’t heard anything about a gateway? A rock that transports people?
Deke: If I had, do you think I’d still be here?
Simmons: There was no second monolith when I landed on Maveth.
May: So we’ll have to find our own way back.
Simmons: Well, I’m a biologist, but sure, I can invent time travel. Just give me a minute.
Coulson: Well, without some miracle, then we’re stuck here, and we need to stay alive.
Deke: Oh, and you… you… you all want me to help you with that, yeah. Well, that’s a big surprise. Well, all I can offer you is these. Who’s first?
May: You think I’m gonna let you do that to anyone else?!
Deke: You are lucky that I am even offering. The only way to not die is to blend in and work hard, and you can’t do either of those things without these. Come on. Keep moving.
Coulson: What do they do? Track us? I don’t think we want that.
Deke: I don’t think you have a choice.
Tess: Deke?!
Deke: Tess, yeah, sure, join the fray.
Tess: You took out the damn trawler? Where’s Virgil? If you lifted off in that thing without… What? What’s wrong with your face?
Coulson: I’m sorry. Virgil’s gone.
Tess: Deke, this true?
Deke: Roaches got him on three.
Tess: What was he doing on three, Deke? That’s a sealed-off level.
Deke: This wasn’t my…
Tess: What did you get him into?!
Deke: I… He hired me.
Tess: What…
Deke: Listen! He hired me to hide these people.
Tess: From where?
Deke: Well, that’s the thing. Remember all that deranged garbage that Virgil was always spouting about people arriving from the past? I think you’re looking at them.
Tess: That’s insane.
May: Doesn’t mean it’s not true.
Simmons: We came through a gateway, some sort of temporal shift.
Deke: I don’t want to believe it, either, but look at their clothes. They got matching buttons. Not exactly locals.
Coulson: How can we prove it to you? Here. It’s from last year. Still shiny.
Tess: You don’t have a Metric. Never did. That’s too weird. Virgil said you’d be Agents of…
Coulson: S.H.I.E.L.D. Pleased to meet you.
Tess: Then there should be more of you.
Deke: There’s one girl that went to go pry the others away from the Kree guards.
Tess: You let them go face the Blues?
Deke: I didn’t let them d… They do whatever they want! It’s like herding rats.
Tess: Just go get them.
Deke: Me? No! No. Think again. They are radioactive. Virgil already got himself wasted. I intend to learn something from his vacancy.
Tess: I’ll double his price.
Deke: You don’t even know the number that you just agreed to. All right, fine. You stash these people, you make them blend in. I’ll see if I can talk the others out of certain death.
Daisy: I just… I can’t believe this.
Elena: Me neither.
Daisy: No, no, no, no! He’s all right. He’s all right.
Deke: How did you get that Kreeper’s axe? Please tell me he was sweet on you. You killed a Kree?
Elena: It was us or them.
Deke: Well, you made the wrong choice.
Mack: Is that gonna be a problem?
Deke: Two? You killed two? It’s only a problem for the herd of people they will kill in retaliation. We got to cover this up.
Elena: What do you think we’re doing?
Daisy: We could just make it look like an accident.
Deke: Shut up! Just let me think.
Mack: Wait a minute. What if we leave them upstairs with the other bodies? Use the elevator?
Deke: We can’t exactly be seen in the lift with a pair of dead guards.
Mack: Well, maybe we don’t put them in the elevator.
Deke: All right, well, I hope you saved some of your energy there, Tiny.
Coulson: What happened to the Earth?
Tess: Good question. Ask anyone, they’ll give a different story.
Simmons: What’s yours?
Tess: All we really know is the planet was torn apart, some cataclysmic event. And the Blues showed up, restored order, but destroyed all historical data, files, books. Said it would keep us focused on the future. Now they oversee everything that’s left.
Simmons: What is left? What do people do here?
Tess: We survive.
May: Welcome to the end of the world.
Tess: It’s called the Lighthouse. Back when Earth was round, this was an underground survival bunker. This is the Exchange. Need anything, this is where you get it.
Coulson: Virgil mentioned stories about us.
Tess: Stories from when we were kids. Some of the elders swore that a group called S.H.I.E.L.D. would come from the past to help us.
Coulson: Can we talk to these elders?
Tess: That would be nice, but the Blues got rid of anyone who believed in the movement. Fed them to the roaches.
Coulson: Kill the belief.
Tess: And it worked. Only Virgil held out hope, and everybody thought that he was a crackpot.
Coulson: I’d like to see where he lived, see if we can find any clues as to what his plan for us was.
Tess: I can take one of you there. Sure.
Kree: Move. Move along! Out, that way!
May: Hey. Why don’t you fight them?
Tess: We depend on them to survive.
May: That can’t be true.
Tess: It’s not right, but it’s true.
Coulson: That’s a lot of pressure to carry the fate of humanity on your shoulders.
Tess: It’s taught us the value of a life. Everyone has a role to play to keep the Lighthouse from falling apart.
Simmons: What’s her role?
Tess: Sometimes the Kree take humans to their levels to serve. Call it an honor. But when they visit, they don’t talk much.
Coulson: I don’t see many guards. We’ve got the numbers.
Tess: And they’ve got the weapons. We’re not exactly military-trained.
May: We are. Maybe it’s how Virgil thought we could help, to fight.
Tess: Keep it down. Deke was right. You have to blend in. Hear me? Coulson, right?
Coulson: Yeah.
Tess: I’ll take you to Virgil’s room. You two gonna be good?
May: We’ll get the lay of the land.
Tess: Okay. Keep your head down, do what the others do, you’ll be fine.
Daisy: Great.
Mack: You couldn’t have told us there was a skylight?
Deke: What’s a skylight?
Mack: Oh, boy. It is what it is.
Tess: I just can’t picture somewhere so open. How did you make that much air?
Coulson: We didn’t make it. It was just there. You’ve never been in a place without four walls, have you?
Tess: Do spacewalks count?
Coulson: Definitely.
Tess: What about all the dangers, earthquakes, floods, sharknados? Feels safer inside, no?
Coulson: Okay, hold up. The whole sharknado thing, that’s just entertainment.
Tess: Who would put a shark inside a tornado?
Coulson: They wouldn’t. It’s fiction. A movie.
Tess: L-Like I said, we have pieces. It… It seems like it was nice.
Coulson: You would’ve liked it.
Grill: Quit howling!
Holt: I did the grind. I should get my share!
Grill: You were docked for insubordination. Now piss off. Tess! Trawler went out, but I didn’t get a drop. You hauling for somebody else?
Tess: No, Grill. We were training a new pilot. Virgil’s dead.
Grill: Really? Damn. You the one filling his seat?
Coulson: No. I’m just passing through.
Grill: That’s a shame about Virgil. I didn’t trust that head case, but I liked him. Well, vacancy or no, next time, you owe double. Tess! What did I just say?
Tess: Double. Got it.
Coulson: Avuncular fellow.
Tess: Just like anyone else. Makes trouble if you make trouble.
Mack: We got to come up with a system, ‘cause I’m not doing this every time we take out a Kree!
Deke: The system is, “No more dead Kree!” We’re two past maximum! Hopefully, the bodies are still warm enough for the roaches to take ‘em. Here, right here. That’s the door.
Elena: Daisy, the door.
Deke: Daisy? Pretty name. Like the flower?
Daisy: Does that line work in the future?
Deke: I guess not.
Tess: Virgil loved his artifacts.
Coulson: You should’ve seen my office. Don’t suppose you ever saw “Singin’ in the Rain.” What about just plain old rain?
Tess: Only drips from reclamation pipes.
Coulson: But you fear sharknados. We need to fix everything. What about the surface of the planet? Will it ever be livable again?
Tess: For humans? No. Land of the roaches now. Virgil always kept this in the trawler. Said the world might look this way again someday. Crazy, right? But he was right about you guys, so…
Coulson: You two were close?
Tess: Yeah. Not as close as he would’ve liked, but… He was crazy Virgil, you know? Could never take him too seriously.
Coulson: I’m sure he knew you cared.
Tess: Yeah.
Coulson: You know anything about this?
Tess: Maybe a flight log? Think it’s important?
Coulson: Important enough to hide. Virgil’s the only one who had answers. I just wish we’d spent more time with him.
Tess: Me, too.
May: That’s the first piece of tech I’ve seen on this floor.
Simmons: They keep people in the Dark Ages here, no progress, no innovation. Meanwhile, the aliens are so advanced.
May: Fitz would be going out of his mind.
Simmons: Time is strange. Somewhere out there, he’s still fighting. But from our reference point, he’s lived his life. Or not.
Man: Shh!
May: Something is going down.
Man: Today, Kasius has seen fit to feed the most vulnerable amongst us.
Simmons: We’ve hit the North-Korean-dictator level of creepy.
Man: Give me the bag!
Man 1: Give me that!
Man 2: You got your share! Come on!
Man 1: Yeah!
Man 2: It’s a knife.
Man: What’s she doing?
Simmons: I need to cauterize his wound.
Woman: She’s crazy. What is that? What’s she doing?
Simmons: Okay. I’m very sorry about this next part.
Man: Aaaah! Aah.
Simmons: No, no, no. You can’t move him. No, don’t move him! You can’t…
Elena: Hey.
Coulson: At least you’re okay.
Daisy: What do you mean? Wait, where’s Simmons?
May: The Kree took her.
Daisy: What?
Elena: How?
Deke: Can I talk to you for a second? This is not exactly flying under the radar. What the hell happened to her?
Tess: A servant got stabbed, was bleeding out. The girl saved him. She thought she was doing a good thing. These people, they’re… they’re not like us.
Deke: No, they’re frickin’ hazardous. They’ll get us all killed.
Tess: Maybe not. Maybe Virgil was right…
Deke: Just… Just stop it. Just the fairy tale was toxic. The morons that believed it were eaten alive.
Tess: I know, Deke. I know what you lost. But maybe they didn’t die in vain. Maybe it’s real.
Deke: And that’s worse. If it’s real, it’ll be a massacre.
Daisy: We have to get Simmons. Hit them hard and fast and get up to the surface.
May: There’s barely any surface left, Daisy. The planet’s been blown apart.
Coulson: And what’s there is uninhabitable. So out, not an option. As far as in here…
Elena: We get Simmons. I’ll do it. They won’t know what hit them.
Mack: Hey, hold up. No one knows you two have abilities, so let’s keep it that way. For the moment. But right now, at this moment, we don’t know jack squat about anything.
Coulson: Including where Simmons is being held.
Daisy: Deke. He seems to have this place dialed in. He might know.
Elena: He’s too afraid to make noises.
Daisy: Yeah, but that’s 'cause he’s protecting himself. He has a scam up and running.
Coulson: He’s afraid we’re gonna blow it for him. I agree.
Daisy: I’ll tail him, dig up some dirt, encourage him to help us.
May: Those tablets, could have intel.
Elena: Hello? Yo-Yo, master thief.
Deke: I am not gonna tell you this again. Get them to blend in.
Daisy: That’s my ride. Wish me luck. We’ll meet back here, yeah?
Coulson: You really don’t know where they might’ve taken our friend?
Tess: Someplace I’ve never been.
Woman: Kasius welcomes you to his suites.
Simmons: Oh. Someone who talks. Please, tell me how the injured man is doing.
Woman: Please take this opportunity to undress and clean yourself.
Kasius: Even Hala doesn’t have a view like this. So, you’re the one who saved a life.
Daisy: So, all this talk about protecting people, you were worried about your speakeasy.
Daisy: I’m in a Framework program. Oh, no.
Kasius: She must feel like she’s stepped into a new world. Mm. Pretty. But she appears more dormouse than medical practitioner. Your actions caused quite the stir.
Simmons: I was only trying to save a man’s life.
Kasius: By rather elaborate means. Do you have a name?
Simmons: Jemma.
Kasius: And where are you from, Jemma?
Simmons: Processing.
Kasius: Processing. Good we had you bathe. So, tell me, Jemma, how does one learn such specific curative skills working in sewage all day?
Simmons: My mother taught me.
Kasius: How resourceful. Did she also teach you the cost of interfering in my affairs?
Simmons: The man would’ve died.
Kasius: A life spent, a life earned, yes? You thought this law did not apply?
Simmons: I only did what I thought would make you happiest in the end.
Kasius: That is the superior answer to any question, really. This was a fight over food, Sinara? The pressure must be building up there. Tell the guards to give them some breathing room, for mercy’s sake. A renewal will do them some good. Life is a fragile thing. We must cultivate the beauty and prune back the rest. I always found humans to be inelegant creatures, but you… Your Metric, it’s gone.
Simmons: I removed it. I’m sorry.
Kasius: No scar. Not even a scratch. Just a pristine canvas. Such marvels make me wonder if you’re even from a place as tough as Processing. I think I would like to see how my Servitor fared under your handiwork, and if your wrist is any indication… I should be quite pleased.
Mack: They keep the tablets in there.
Elena: Once May gets Tess out of the picture, we’ll go.
Tess: Hey, I rustled up some grub. Pre-packaged, but it’s decent.
May: Oh, great. Listen, Tess, is there somewhere I could change my bandage?
Tess: Sure.
Elena: How sure are you that’s actually a steam pipe?
Mack: Um, say 50-50. Either Coulson’s gonna release hot steam or raw sewage. Either way, it’ll get attention. All right. Ready, and go.
Elena: You should see your go-face in slow-motion. Classic.
Mack: You’re showing off.
Elena: If you got it, flaunt it.
Mack: They’ll never know what happened.
Coulson: Let’s hope not.
Kree: Humans, report for Metric inspection.
Kree 1: Remove the children.
Kree 2: You heard him.
Kree: Line up and present your Metrics.
Kree: Next.
Mack: This is not a good thing. So far, any new development in this place is not a good thing.
Elena: Why don’t we put those on?
Mack: Because they go through your damn wrist!
Elena: But without them, who knows?
Coulson: I want to make a trade.
Grill: Not the time.
Coulson: I think it’s exactly the time.
Grill: Okay. So much for “passing through.” What do you want?
Coulson: I have a working Kree tablet. I’ll trade it for three Metrics installed.
Grill: I was right to be suspicious of you. A tablet’s not worth three Metrics. But anyone who can steal it is, so… I’ll get you hooked up.
Coulson: Thank you.
Grill: But you’ll work for it, and it won’t be fun.
Kree: Line up and present!
Coulson: We can work. We’re in.
Grill: Get inside.
Deke: Where is it? Did you throw out the old papers?
Rick: Yeah, it was a mess.
Deke: Stop doing that. You’re always cleaning.
Rick: Yeah, you programmed me to.
Deke: Really? Because I don’t remember programming you to talk back to me. It was a joke, because I-I did program you to talk… just… will you find the papers, please? You may as well pull up a stool and have a beer.
Daisy: Clearly, you’re a talented pusher, but I will pass, thanks.
Deke: It’s probably for the best, because I have no idea what actual beer tasted like.
Daisy: You want to tell me where I am?
Deke: You’re passed out at my place of business. You got too close to my transmitters when you were stalking me. 
Daisy: So this is your racket? You’re… You’re pimping out the Framework?
Deke: I never called it that, but yeah. That’s the technology the hardware interface is based on. I-I had to rebuild the software from scratch because Kasius had the historical archives erased. But I was able to get my hands on the servers. I gathered bits of data here and there, and the rest is guesswork.
Daisy: But your customers don’t know the difference. You’ve got them addicted to Earth-as-it-was scenarios.
Deke: Among other simulations, yes.
Daisy: So this is the business that you’re protecting? Your creepy opium den of fantasy?
Deke: Well, I can’t get real opium, so I’m selling escape. The only other way out of here is the final exit.
Daisy: They’re trading one prison for another.
Deke: You think the Lighthouse is a prison? Sweetheart, prison would be nice.
Tess: No.
May: Is this about my team?
Tess: It’s much worse. It’s a renewal.
Elena: I feel less good about this.
May: What’s a renewal?
Tess: A low-earner will be selected. Their Metric will turn red. Then they owe a life, their own or someone else’s.
Kree: A life spent…
People: A life earned!
Man: Come on! Move!
May: Let’s go. Come on!
Coulson: What’s going on? It sounds like people are dying out there.
Grill: A life is owed. Now, we stay safe in here, but if that fails, we make sure they find you first.
Woman: Oh, thank God. Thank God.
Coulson: Hey!
Mack: You gonna leave us here to die?!
Grill: That’s the hope.
Mack: If we don’t, you and me are gonna have a conversation.
Elena: Where’s an axe when you need one, huh?
Coulson: Still too soon.
Mack: That’s not something to joke about.
Holt: Where’s Grill? Grill! My tab was low 'cause you didn’t pay me! Now you owe me a life!
Grill: I left you three out there.
Elena: Grill’s the one you want. Don’t forget that.
Mack: He’s got to come out sometime, right?
Holt: He strung you up for me? That’s twisted.
May: Aah!
Holt: I’m sorry. I owe a life. Aah!
May: He didn’t have to die.
Tess: Somebody did.
Kree: Is this the last life owed?
Grill: Yes, Commander.
Kree: This is unformatted. Who are you?
Grill: I’ve been recalibrating their Metrics, but I do pledge that they work for me, sir.
Kree: Is this true? Where’s your station?
Coulson: It’s true. We work in Salvage.
Grill: They owe me a sizable debt, sir, so they will be stationed here a long time.
Kree: Hmm. Carry on.
Grill: I am happy you came to your senses, and I will be happy to call the watch commander back if not.
Mack: Trying to preserve humanity. Feels like they lost it a long time ago.
Simmons: What are you doing on your feet?
Kasius: Yes. She is right. What is this man doing up in this condition? Of course, that you made the effort shows why you’re the finest of your people. Will it heal? He is my most precious.
Simmons: Of course. It’s barely been hours.
Kasius: But it’ll scar.
Simmons: Um, or with time or advanced procedures, it can look much better.
Kasius: My servitors must symbolize perfection when they represent me. Perhaps with his tunic on, no one will notice. This, however…
Simmons: No, I can… That can be minimized. No one will notice.
Kasius: I will notice.
Simmons: It’s a miniscule cut.
Kasius: On the man’s face.
Simmons: Please don’t.
Kasius: I’m sorry. I demand perfection. He’s now marred.
Simmons: Oh!
Kasius: Whereas you were made immaculate. And a woman of your talent…
Simmons: What is wrong with you?
Kasius: A life taken, a life earned.
Simmons: What is wrong with you?!
Kasius: Silence! You are a beauty worth cultivating. But you must learn silence.
Simmons: Aah! Aah! Oh!
Deke: The Kree have her. You can’t help her. To try is too dangerous.
Daisy: You said the same thing about Mack and Yo-Yo. How’d that turn out?
Deke: A catastrophe! This entire place is a very delicate ecosystem, and you all just keep taking a leak in the water left and right!
Daisy: You’re worried we’ll mess this up or we’ll mess this up for you? I mean, do the Kree even know about this operation? Because I…
Deke: Of course they know about it. They’re crazy about it, because I’m… I’m improving people’s lives. I’m giving them something other than just hour after hour of endless grind.
Daisy: They condone it 'cause it keeps them placid. I have seen the Framework in action before. Pretend that wishes are coming true so the real hope dies.
Deke: Hope is what gets people killed.
Daisy: Make them forget reality so they don’t try to make a move to fix it!
Deke: No, I’m making reality livable.
Daisy: Don’t make any waves, because…
Deke: No, you don’t want to make any waves, 'cause if you start a fire, you want to know what’s combustible in there. We’re mixing metaphors all over the place.
Daisy: Telling them to just chill so they don’t rock the boat is so wrong!
Deke: No, the boat sank! Do you understand that?! We are a breath away from extinction. We make one wrong move, and in a blink, mankind is gone for good. Wait. That… That… That… That’s it. That’s what I’m looking for. That! Daisy Johnson. And you say you’re not dangerous.
Daisy: So you know who I am.
Deke: Quake. You see, I’m the one person that’s pieced the history together, who has an idea of what happened. You want to know what kind of force can tear a planet apart? It was you. You think if you work hard enough, if you inspire them, that you can put the pieces back together? You think you can save mankind? Give them back a world with justice and freedom and all that other pledge-of-allegiance garbage? I’m telling you to make peace with it. Surrender to it and make this your home, just the way it is. Because S.H.I.E.L.D. tried to save the world. And you want to see the consequences? Take a look. Do you see an Earth that can be saved? It’s too late. It’s already been quaked apart.
Kasius: Jemma. You look wonderful. And I hear you’re learning well. That’s good. Just in time for my guests.

S5E3:
Kasius: The print is considered quite fashionable in the capitol. Sinara. Ah. I knew our esteemed guest couldn’t bear to wait any longer.
Emissary: Kasius, how kind of you to arrange such a warm welcome.
Kasius: Just an everyday affair. Would you like a drink? The Terrans call it martini. Fermented sugars and the like.
Emissary: I’m here on behalf of the Lady Basha. She sends her regrets.
Kasius: Mm. Well, perhaps if she knew how we prepared the best of Earth’s cuisine…
Emissary: She prefers dining on her own ship. She means no disrespect.
Kasius: No. Surely, none taken.
Emissary: Of course, Lady Basha very much looks forward to the ceremony. She has high expectations.
Kasius: To be exceeded. Tye, you now have the opportunity to give me good news about our ceremony.
Kasius: Jemma, we have a problem. And for your sake, I pray you can fix it.
Grill: The Renewal lost me time and tokens! So if things don’t start picking up around here, I’m gonna be doing some renewing of my own! Is that understood?!
Coulson: Thinking I may have been wrong to trust Grill.
Elena: This is what we call an understatement, no?
Mack: Well, the alternative was getting shot.
Elena: At least Daisy’s not trapped in here.
Grill: Coulson, be careful. They’re always watching.
Coulson: I know, but Virgil hid this thing. I got to figure out why.
Elena: He did it because this tin-can place makes people crazy!
Zev: New girl! Work faster!
Elena: I’ll show you fast, you…
Coulson: Yo-Yo.
Elena: He zapped me!
Grill: The door’s rigged. Did you really think that was gonna work?
Mack: Thought I’d give it a shot.
Grill: Well, that don’t fly with me. You see, I don’t tolerate skimmers or laggers or agitators. Hear that?! As long as you owe me, I own you.
Daisy: Where are they? We were supposed to meet up at the Exchange. Something’s wrong.
Deke: Or they finally took my advice to evaporate into this place.
Daisy: They were looking for a way to find Simmons. I got to track them down.
Deke: So you said. Don’t you think you’re kind of deflecting from what I told you about…
Daisy: I’m not deflecting ‘cause I didn’t do it.
Deke: Yeah, that’s what deflecting is.
Daisy: How could I split the world apart? My powers aren’t that strong. I am not that strong.
Deke: Maybe not yet, but you will be.
Daisy: And how do you know that?
Deke: Because planet Earth went from smooth to chunky, and Quake is the one who did it.
Daisy: And you don’t think I’d remember that?
Deke: Well, actually, not according to the multiverse theory. You probably never heard of it, but in quantum physics, there’s a theory that, for every universe, there are infinite parallel universes. So in my universe, you destroyed the planet. Maybe that just hasn’t happened in…
Daisy: So what universe did that just happen in? Mine or yours?
Deke: Oh, no.
Daisy: Talk to me.
Deke: There’s been a Renewal.
Daisy: A what?
Deke: Three people are dead. Just hold your freak-out. It wasn’t your friends, okay? They’re probably hiding, which is what I advised them to do from the get-go.
Daisy: Okay, okay. So where would they be hiding?
Deke: I don’t know. They’re your friends.
Daisy: And this is your home, where you know everyone and everything that’s in here.
Deke: One of the vacancies came from Grill’s salvage. That means there’s an opening. He might take in strays. I’d start there.
Daisy: You got all that the from shoe guy?
Deke: Well, shoe guy knows all.
Daisy: Guess I should have asked him in the first place.
Deke: Don’t do anything dumb, please.
Elena (in Spanish): That was stupid. Stop taking risks for me.
Mack (in Spanish): I didn’t do it for you. (in English) I was trying to get a look inside that office. Grill’s keeping that Scroll in the cabinet behind his desk.
Coulson: That thing might get us into the levels where they’re keeping Simmons.
Mack: Well, he’s got a handgun in there, too.
Elena: Humans aren’t allowed to have guns.
Coulson: Except for murder sports, apparently.
Mack: Well, the point being, we need to tread lightly. Now, Yo-Yo, if you can get in there, maybe we can get that Scroll back.
Coulson: Nice work, Mack.
Mack: You see? Not stupid. Recon.
Coulson: Recon. Trawler run. Good. That’s good.
May: Yeah, ‘cause I barely survived the last one.
Coulson:: Take me with you.
May: What? No.
Coulson: Hey. Take me with you.
Grill: Tess, you and your friend here did us a kindness, taking a life.
Tess: Yeah.
Grill: But you still owe me a double haul.
Tess: Do I? You never mentioned it. I’ll need a few crushers if you want me to pack the belly full on that thing. Got anyone expendable?
Grill: Take the agitator and his friend. No big loss if one of these jokers gets caught in the nets.
Tess: If you say so. Come on, you two.
Abby: Please…
Tye: No! You need to learn.
Simmons: What did you do to her?
Tye: She’s doing it to herself. It’s your problem now. Fix it.
Simmons: Yeah, they’re gone. It’s okay. What’s your name?
Abby: Abby.
Simmons: How long have you had seizures, Abby? You can talk to me. I’m a doctor. Oh. Have you always…
Abby: Only since Terrigenesis.
Simmons: You’re Inhuman.
Abby: Yes. And if I’m not ready for the ceremony, I don’t know what’s gonna happen to me.
Daisy: So, wait, you’re an indentured servant to the junkyard king?
Elena: And everyone else is on a space walk. But there’s no time to explain. They’re tracking me. You shouldn’t be seen here. You should go.
Daisy: That’s a great idea. Let’s go.
Elena: I can’t. I need to stay. The thing I stole from the Kree guard, boss man has it in his office, but I think I found a way to get it.
Daisy: That’s good. If you can get it to me, maybe I can get to Simmons.
Elena: Exacto. So go, but stay close.
Zev: Hey! New Girl! You get any slower, you’re going in the crusher. I don’t trust them.
Grill: I always thought Virgil was skimming. Somebody has been stealing from me, so he dies, and now these guys show up?
Zev: You think they’re taking over his old racket? So why send them on Virgil’s run? 'Cause you want to find proof.
Grill: No, I want you to find proof.
Tess: Flint! Clear out, kid.
Flint: I thought you said I could crash here.
Tess: Yeah. Not during operation. Come on.
May: So, less than 24 hours, and you’ve already been taken prisoner. That a record?
Coulson: Not even close. But let’s focus on the positives.
Tess: So what’s going on?
Mack: Yeah, you find anything in there, Sherlock?
Coulson: I think Virgil was doing recon. You said he was in the trawler all the time? I think he was searching for something. These numbers, they’re objects in space, right?
Tess: Yeah. He kept track of them.
Coulson: Well, this one kept showing up over and over, this one specific part of Earth.
Tess: 616. Sure. One of the larger segments. But I’ve been there. It’s just a chunk of dead rock.
Coulson: Well, maybe he hid something out that way. I don’t know. But we have to check it out. The answer to why we’re here might be out there.
May: Then we go.
Mack: I’d rather not go where no one can hear you scream, but okay.
Tess: Uh, I want to help you guys, but I’m already on the hook for a double haul. There’s no way I can do a side mission.
Coulson: This isn’t a side mission. It’s the mission. This is what Virgil died for. I know you don’t think he was just expendable.
Tess: Look. We got to be careful. We got to cover our tracks, and if there’s so much as a hiccup…
Zev: See how you all just got quiet? That’s why I’m coming on this run.
Abby: I mean, you know how it works here.
Simmons: Of course. I was just curious about your specific experience.
Abby: It’s nothing special. All the 18-year-olds go through it. When the mist hit me, I was one of the lucky ones.
Simmons: Lucky. Yeah. I’ve heard Terrigenesis can be a traumatic experience.
Abby: I just thought of my family. It was hard to leave them, but knowing that they’d be rewarded helped.
Simmons: That man…
Abby: Tye?
Simmons: Is he hurting you?
Abby: Oh, no. No, Tye’s been trying to help me, teach me to control my gift. I just haven’t been able to do it yet. I don’t know what will happen to them if I can’t complete the ceremony.
Simmons: That’s why you demonstrate your abilities.
Abby: And then after, I get to go off-planet, travel the galaxy as an ambassador. It’s a dream. It’s why I have to learn.
Simmons: I might be able to help. Can you describe what it is you can do?
Abby: Yeah, well, um… sometimes I’m so light, my hand can just pass right through things. And then, sometimes, I’m as solid as lead.
Simmons: You can control your molecular density.
Abby: Yeah, but I can’t control it. Everything in me, it just… it tenses up, and it hurts. Sometimes the only way I can get it to stop is if Tye turns on my blocker.
Simmons: That thing inhibits your powers?
Abby: It helps me. They help me. I’m just not worthy of it.
Simmons: Abby. You are worthy. I’ve known many Inhumans, and every one of them took time to master their abilities.
Abby: I’ve had time. And if I can’t perform at the ceremony, Tye says that my family will be punished. So I don’t… I don’t even care what happens to me. I need to do this for them. Please.
Simmons: I’ll help you.
May: Mack keeping him distracted down there?
Coulson: Zev’s enjoying giving him a hard time. I think this might be our last shot. Say what you will about our future dystopian horror show. It has a nice view.
May: Dazzling.
Coulson: How’s the leg?
May: I’m not gonna lie.
May: You think we’re gonna find something out there? Maybe a way back?
Coulson: I don’t know. Maybe there is no way back.
May: That doesn’t sound like you.
Coulson: Just managing expectations.
May: You’re being fatalistic.
Coulson: Look, you know I’m not big on destiny, but maybe our destiny’s here. In this time, helping these people.
May: It’s not like I don’t want to help. I do. But after that, I’m going home. I spent weeks in the Framework, strapped to a board, thinking I was HYDRA. I’ve earned a night in my own bed.
Grill: Mmm. Mm. New people. Hmm. What? New girl!
Elena: I’m going as fast as I can.
Grill: Get over here. Your Metric’s on the fritz. Arm out.
Grill: There. That oughta do it. No more dilly-dallying.
Tess: Zev’s so busy teaching your friend a lesson, he hasn’t noticed we’re off course yet. We should hurry.
Coulson: My God. It’s a miracle anybody survived at all.
Tess: I forgot I had this thing. Virgil would always do this. Said he liked seeing what Earth will look like when it’s fixed. Wouldn’t fly without it. Uh, one time, he delayed us an hour so he could go back to his bunk and get it. Superstitious, I guess.
Coulson: Or… not.
Tess: It’s the lost knob.
Coulson: Virgil was talking to someone. Aah.
Zev: Busted. I’m gonna enjoy this.
May: You got everyone secured to the wall?
Zev: That’s right.
May: Good.
Coulson: Thank you.
Mack: I had to. You were all pinned to the wall, flailing around like a bunch of hungry, hungry hippos.
Coulson: Huh. In my mind, it was cooler than that.
Tess: Oh, this is bad. This is beyond bad. What did we just do?
May: We did what we had to.
Tess: No, you don’t understand. We just attacked a superior. We’re dead.
Simmons: Let’s try again.
Abby: It’s not gonna work.
Simmons: Come on. You can do this, Abby.
Abby: I didn’t mean to do that.
Simmons: No, but that was impressive. You’re powerful.
Abby: Well, not if I can’t do it when I actually want to.
Simmons: But you can. It’s mind over matter. Or in your case, the literal matter that makes up your body. Think of this place. You see a table, this pitcher, and outside, the stars, millions of them. All of that, every part in the universe is made of the same thing. Protons, neutrons, electrons. And you know what’s between those tiny particles? Space. Infinite space.
Abby: Okay.
Simmons: Your body is like a field of stars, but you’re special. You can control the space between the stars.
Abby: The space between the stars.
Simmons: Imagine it. Close your eyes and imagine it. Now try again.
Abby: I’ve never been able to hold it steady like this before.
Simmons: That’s good. Just remember this feeling.
Abby: I lost it. I…
Simmons: It’s okay. Takes months to master a talent.
Kasius: Or perhaps much less time. Abby, with me.
Simmons: What… What… No, wait. We’re… We need more time.
Kasius: Let’s all hope not. I look forward to your performance.
Simmons: You’ll do great, Abby. Even just a…
Kasius: Silence.
Kasius: Did you set our little healer up to fail because I think she’s pretty? Or did you really think she’d succeed? You want to see me happy. Then tell me, what does Jemma have that makes her so different, makes her capable to succeed in this?
Sinara: Compassion.
Kasius: Hmm.
Deke: Do I need to ask what the hell you’re doing with that?
Daisy: So now you’re tailing me? Shot in the dark, you won’t get it.
Deke: Oh, 'cause you’re too noble for me to understand?
Daisy: Where I come from, we protect each other.
Deke: You are storming the castle. Any plan how you’re gonna do that alive? That’s what I thought.
Daisy: This is what I do. My friend’s life is on the line, so I’ll figure something out.
Deke: Oh, just all in, totally blind, huh? It’s a stupid way to play, even if you have a good hand. You should be playing the long game.
Daisy: The long game?
Deke: Yes. I can make it so that you could waltz down there with an invitation from the big man, but that takes serious time. It takes finesse.
Daisy: Or it takes the Scroll that I have now. So thank you for your endless advice, Deke.
Deke: You are about to walk into a buzzsaw.
Daisy: You’re just worried it’s gonna blow back on you.
Deke: This has nothing to do with me! If you pick a fight with the Blues, they are gonna take it out on all of us. Today’s Renewal was for three people. Tomorrow could be for 30. Death comes easy here.
Daisy: Which is why I need to get to Simmons now. So if I were you, I’d get out of my way.
Deke: You already destroyed the world once. I am not gonna let you do it again. Whoa. So there she is. Quake. the destroyer of worlds.
Daisy: Don’t ever call me that again.
Tess: We’re screwed. I told you, it’s a dead rock. We just risked our lives for nothing. How is he?
Mack: Oh, he’s out cold. For now.
Tess: If we know what’s good for us, maybe he stays that way.
Mack: What are you getting at?
Tess: I’m saying we seal the hatch, and we dump the load. Zev didn’t make it out in time. It was an accident.
Mack: That’s murder.
Tess: That’s math. A life spent is a life earned. That’s how it works.
Mack: I got that when you took out a guy with a shotgun.
Tess: I was saving her life!
Mack: What the…
May: Is that a voice?
Coulson: It’s a transmission.
Mack: It’s a faint signal, but the source is right in front of us.
Tess: That’s impossible. How is anything coming from a lifeless rock?
Mack: I don’t know. It could be reflecting.
May: Yeah, I think you’re right. It’s only bouncing off of 616. But the, uh, signal’s origins… It’s coming from the surface of the Earth.
Woman: May I present the Lady Basha.
Kasius: Your Excellency. I pray your journey was not too difficult.
Basha: Kasius. Well, you have carved out a little life for yourself on this rock, haven’t you?
Kasius: Quite literally. From the deposit of limestones under the surface, the crushed skeletons of marine creatures dead a billion years. And you’ve been well?
Basha: We fared well, considering the remote location.
Kasius: Well, we’ve been eagerly awaiting your arrival.
Simmons: What’s happening?
Tye: Now we’ll see the fruits of her labor.
Kasius: Basha, my dear, I do hope you enjoy tonight’s exhibition.
Simmons: No, you can’t…
Basha: You promised me a warrior.
Kasius: You’ll find, with Inhumans, looks can be deceiving.
Basha: I hope so. I’ve come a long way.
Kasius: And you do me a great honor, bringing along your champion.
Basha: He’s hardly my champion, but he has killed 13 opponents in 7 systems.
Abby: Aah!
Basha: This is the best you have to offer?
Kasius: Let’s all hope she can find her way. So many lives we prize depend upon her success.
Basha: Disappointing.
Simmons: Just think of the stars.
Man: Aah!
Kasius: It may be our warrior has found her way.
Abby: Please.
Basha: Extraordinary.
Zev: You’re dead! I’m gonna feed you to the roaches! You hear me?!
May: Can’t find the mute button.
Coulson: Hello? Is anyone out there? Do you read? Nothing. I’m recording the transmission, but I still can’t make it out.
Tess: Zev’s right you know. We’re roach food.
Zev: You’re gonna regret this.
Mack: We’ll figure it out. We always do.
Tess: You don’t get it! The moment we lied about this mission, someone was gonna die. It’s him or us.
Mack: We’re not dumping the load.
Tess: I’ve got to while we have the chance. You gonna get in my way? Sacrifice your lives for that piece of trash?
Mack: We’re not sacrificing anyone, you understand? As S.H.I.E.L.D., we live by a code, and we’re not bending to your twisted world view.
May: We’re losing fuel, fast! We had six more hours worth.
Tess: Zev cut the fuel line.
Coulson: May, can you get us back to the Lighthouse?
May: Yeah, I can try. You have enough of that transmission recorded?
Coulson: It’s gonna have to be enough.
May: Because we need to turn and burn and pray that we don’t hit a gravity storm.
Coulson: Do it.
Tess: There goes our chance. Hope it was worth it.
Basha: The Terrans were such an unremarkable species. You have done well with their world.
Kasius: Well, if I can’t find opportunity, I make my own.
Basha: Well, you would have to on a grim little rock like this.
Kasius: Ah.
Basha: As we agreed.
Simmons: No, Abby, you can’t!
Kasius: Now, Sinara, let’s not be rash. Jemma demonstrated her worth.
Simmons: You sold her.
Kasius: And if not for you, she wouldn’t have fetched such a high price.
Kree: Got a few more. Move it! 
Daisy: I really thought this would work.
Daisy: This has been fun, but I’ve got someplace to be. So not as stealth as I hoped. Awesome.
Grill: Are you kidding me? You have got to be the dumbest bunch of lugs I have ever seen. Zev catches you smuggling contraband, and then you mutiny?
Coulson: Mutiny? That’s a strong wor…
Grill: Picking up where Virgil left off? I knew someone was stealing. Squirreling things away.
Mack: Yeah, like you know what a squirrel is.
Grill: Shut it, agitator! I am gonna kill the lot of you, good and slow! But I’m starting with you.
Tess: It wasn’t them. It was me. Just me.
Coulson: Tess.
Tess: Grill, these people didn’t even know Virgil. So any gripe you had with him is with me now. Same with any contraband.
Elena: You want contraband? He has a gun.
Grill: A gun?
Elena: Zev threatened me with it. Probably threatened them, too. If you’re looking for contraband, he’s got it.
Zev: No way, boss.
Elena: Search him. If I’m wrong, I know the consequences.
Zev: No way. No, no, no, no. No way.
Grill: You stole this. From someone.
Zev: No. Wait. Wait.
Grill: Humans aren’t allowed to have firearms.
Coulson: We wanted to tell you the truth, but he’s your guy, and…
Tess: We didn’t want the Blues to come down on you.
Grill: That’s why I’m reporting this violator to them myself.
Zev: Grill, no.
Grill: You know what their punishment is for this. Let that be a lesson. No one is above the rules!
Kasius: You were right. It’s a rare occasion that I am surprised, but count this among them.
Deke: I told you she’d find her way down here. And demonstrating her powers, no less. That right there is a weapon of mass destruction, tied up in one pretty, little package, all for you. We can talk about price later, but I expect that you’ll be more than fair.
Kasius: So, this is Quake, Destroyer of Worlds. How is it possible that she’s here?
Deke: The important thing is, she’s yours.
Daisy: I’ll kill you. I swear.
Deke: Sorry, sweetheart. I’m just playing the long game.
Coulson: All right, Phil. Enough sight-seeing. Get back to work.
Coulson: Who needs some sleep? I’ll get the next shift.
Elena: Nice try. You slept less than all of us.
Mack: Yeah, we got to get back to salvage, anyway, so let’s hope this does the trick.
Tess: It’s got to be remnants. Old transmissions in a gravitational feedback loop.
May: I’m telling you, it’s from the surface.
Tess: That’s impossible. Nothing can survive on the surface.
Man: Virgil, come in. Do you read? We haven’t heard from you in three days. Please respond, Virgil. Have you secured the delegation?
Coulson: He’s talking about us. We’re the delegation. Whoever that is knows we’re here, knows why we’re here.
Elena: So there’s someone out there.
Coulson: We need to find them. We need to find a way to get up there.
Tess: No. You’re not listening. Nothing can survive on the surface. That’s where they send people to die.

S5E4:
Kasius: I rescued humanity. Did you know that? What you may not know is how much I’ve sacrificed to do it. Before I arrived, this place was nothing but a wreckage, the rotted shell of a dead organism. But I saw it for what it could be. I had vision. And now, thanks to you, that vision has finally come to fruition.
Daisy: You’ve taken my blood. What more do you need from me?
Kasius: Despite all I did for these humans, I found them clinging to their gods, their fairy tales, one of which was Quake. The Old Ones, rest their souls, they used to tell the story of how S.H.I.E.L.D. would return one day from the past to save them. Now here you are.
Daisy: Not my choice.
Kasius: Yet you show up at the exact same time as another human, with no marks on her wrist and a skill set beyond her station. Jemma.
Daisy: I know you’re trying to say something, but I’m just not sure what.
Kasius: Perhaps you are more than a fairy tale. How many of you are here?
Daisy: No one else.
Kasius: I want to believe you, Daisy. May I call you “Daisy?” It’s a lot less formal than “Destroyer of Worlds.” You see, I have my own interpretation of the fairy tale. I think you’re here to help me.
Daisy: That seems unlikely.
Kasius: Does it? Word of your presence has piqued much interest. In fact, bidders are on their way. And with the price I’ll fetch for you, I’ll finally have the means to leave this horrendous place once and for all.
Daisy: What makes you think I’d go along with that?
Kasius: Because, of course, your friend’s face is so beautiful. Don’t you want to make sure it stays that way?
Coulson: What are you doing here?
May: They shut down all the Trawler flights. No idea why.
Coulson: So now they even have the pilots working as crushers, I guess. That’s a little slang I picked up here. “Crusher.” It’s when you…
May: Phil. I get “crusher.” Anything on Daisy?
Coulson: Nothing. Just when we have a chance of getting answers on the surface, two of our people go missing.
Mack: Hey.
Coulson: Anything?
Mack: Been checking with the guys working the docking bays to see if maybe Daisy hopped a ship to move between levels, but I don’t know.
May: I assume she didn’t.
Mack: Is it time to panic yet?
Elena: Possibly. I’ve covered every square inch of this floor. No sign of Daisy.
Coulson: I don’t like this. She could be captured. She could…
Grill: You’re not here to stand around and gossip.
Mack: We were all talking. Why me?
Grill: ‘Cause you’re bigger. Makes it funnier. Keep working! Big man downstairs is entertaining. An intergalactic auction means that we have to provide more iron for Kasius to sell off. So we are working triple shifts. Hey, I answer to the fat cat Blues, same as you. Only I have to go and explain to them why we are not meeting our quotas. So make sure we do by the end of today. Except you. You’re with me.
Grill: Guy’s name is Gunner. Thinks he’s a tough guy. Owes me a lot of tokens. I need you to rough him up.
Mack: Oh. You need me to do what?
Grill: Beat his ass. Look, I got it on good authority that Gunner is waiting on a package from Level 35. Now, that is a high-security, Kreepers-only technology floor. He’s in debt to me and getting tech from the Blues? I don’t like that.
Mack: But you already got enforcers. Why do you need me to do it?
Grill: Well, I had Zev. He was a snake. Now he’s roach food. And have you looked in a mirror? You’re a beast. Go be one.
Ben: Excuse me. They grow it.
Daisy: Uh… What?
Ben: You’re wondering where the meat comes from. There’s some kind of lab where they grow it or something.
Daisy: Was that just a lucky guess, or did you just read my thoughts?
Ben: I heard them, really. That’s what I got after Terrigenesis.
Daisy: You’re Inhuman. That’s how you anticipated the moves, which is not cool, by the way reading people’s minds without permission.
Ben: I hear what I hear. Believe me, it’s kind of a relief when they turn it off. And there we go.
Tye: All right, everyone out. Not you. No, you’re something special. You get a private viewing.
Coulson: Yeah, I don’t think you have a choice, Mack, if we want to keep Grill off our backs.
Mack: So we gotta go rough up this guy Gunner. Yeah. Makes as much sense as anything else in this place.
Coulson: Maybe you and Yo-Yo can just talk to him. Avoid the all-out assault.
Elena: Both of us?
Coulson: I’m already missing two agents. I’m going with Mack’s philosophy that we stick together here.
Mack: Finally.
Coulson: As long as you’re back before Grill, we should be fine. And it gets us an opportunity.
May: Yeah. That’s you and me.
Coulson: Yup. Grill just tipped us off to Level 35, Kree technology? We have to check that out.
May: We have no weapons, no intel.
Coulson: Well, I’m hoping Level 35 gets us an edge, or at least something that’ll help us survive on the surface till we can find Virgil’s radio pal.
Mack: You got access to a secure floor?
Coulson: No, but I think I know a guy.
Daisy: So you’re making them fight? Inhumans? That’s what this place is for, fighting For entertainment?
Tye: Not just for entertainment. For profit. Kasius’ profit.
Daisy: What does he want?
Tye: A demonstration of your skills.
Daisy: Maybe I don’t feel like performing on cue today. Unless you’ve got peanuts.
Tye: Maybe you should get in the mood. Fast. For your friend.
Daisy: Okay. Fine.
Tye: That wasn’t what I meant.
Basha: I had no idea that you had the Destroyer of Worlds in your stable.
Kasius: Oh, did I forget to mention it? Word’s gotten around, and a host of traders are on their way presently.
Basha: Well, perhaps I can make a preemptive bid for her now.
Kasius: Oh, Basha. That would be lovely.
Basha: I can make a far greater offer than any…
Kasius: Unfortunately, discussion of price will take place over dinner. And since you so prefer dining on your own ship, I fear that takes you out of the running, no? Ah, well. Safe journey home to your… what was the colorful phrase you used? “Grim little rock.”
Deke: She seems nice.
Kasius: I suppose you’re here for payment.
Deke: Well, I did bring you Quake.
Kasius: So you did. Here.
Deke: Is that Rhodium?
Kasius: You have an eye for high-value metals. This’ll be worth more than all your credits upstairs.
Deke: Yes, it will.
Kasius: I want to thank you for bringing her to me. But Sinara is concerned about the prophecy, that others from the past might have come, as well.
Deke: Guess that means you are, too.
Kasius: Prophecies are hard to decipher. Could be 2 people, could be 20.
Deke: Well, maybe the prophecy wouldn’t be such a mystery if you didn’t kill everyone that knew anything about it.
Kasius: Yes. Life is full of regrets. Still.
Deke: How can I help?
Kasius: Should you come across any additional time travelers or anyone who helped them, I’d be grateful and generous.
Deke: Let me see what I can find for you.
Daisy: Hey. So, you’re telling me you don’t see the whole picture? I’d fill you in, but I feel like you already know.
Ben: I’ve read Tye’s mind. Of course I know.
Daisy: The Ceremonies. They are making Inhumans fight each other. And people bid on them? Are you okay with this?
Ben: I’ve come to terms with it.
Daisy: And everyone else?
Ben: The others don’t know. They can never know.
Daisy: Wait. What? They have the right to fight back.
Ben: But we have to.
Daisy: You can’t just sit here and do nothing.
Ben: You can’t tell them. You can’t tell anyone.
Daisy: You’ve gotta make better sense than this, ‘cause I mean…
Ben: If the others find out, they can’t do what has to be done. We do this, demonstrate our powers, and go with whomever buys us because our families get compensated once we’re gone.
Daisy: You mean they get paid to sell you.
Ben: I mean they have a better shot at survival. Survival is everything.
Daisy: This is insane.
Ben: This is life. Otherwise, our families could pay the price. You have people you care about, I heard that much. If you care about them, I suggest you play the game. And if they pit us against each other, I suggest you try to win. 'Cause I will.
Deke: Hey. Come on.
Coulson: Sorry. We need to talk.
Deke: Say, “Deke. How you doing? You look really good. Can we have a word?” See? It’s not that hard. I was coming to find you guys, anyway, 'cause I haven’t seen you in a little while.
Coulson: I was hoping Daisy was with you. Last we heard, she was looking for you.
Deke: Yeah. She found me. I was just with her a couple hours ago. And it’s… it’s… it’s all good. I-I helped her onto a lower medical floor. It’s where we think your other friend is.
May: She never came back or checked in.
Deke: She said something about no further contact, spy stuff. How’d she put it? “Silent mode?”
May: Going dark.
Deke: Yeah. That. And I told her that you’d wonder, and she said, “Get out of my way. This is what I do. My friend’s life is on the line. I’ll figure something out.”
Coulson: Yeah. That sounds like Daisy.
Deke: Sorry I don’t have her. I wish I did.
Coulson: It’s all right. We came for you. What do you know about Level 35?
Deke: Every few floors, there’s a secure Kree level. Level 4 is holding, that’s where I met you fine folks. And then Level 17 is engineering. But I’ve never seen 35. Why?
Coulson: We’re hoping to find some Kree technology. Anything that’ll help us. We need to investigate the surface.
Deke: The surface. Yeah, why not? No, yeah, it’ll take too long to get to the center of the sun.
Coulson: I know it’s an unconventional plan.
Deke: What is actually wrong with you people that you keep going places you are not supposed to be going? Are you all very suicidal?
May: We have reasons.
Deke: Not good ones.
Coulson: We do now. Virgil’s time in the Trawler? He was communicating with the surface.
Man: Virgil. Come in. Do you read? We haven’t heard from you in three days. Please respond. Have you secured the delegation?
Deke: Those people are all dead. Kasius thinks they’re all dead.
Coulson: I know.
Deke: I-I need to go get a few things.
May: Oh, so now you’re interested?
Deke: Those people up there, if we can find them, that’s in everyone’s best interest.
Elena: Is that Gunner?
Mack: That’s Gunner. Try to walk casual.
Elena: If you can see me, that’s me walking casual.
Mack: That’s fair. But try not to do anything rash.
Elena: Do you want to talk about it or make not very subtle comments all day? Spit it out, turtleman.
Mack: So, we’re beating people up now? It’s bad enough what we’ve already done.
Elena: Are you talking about Grill’s right-hand man? I did it to save lives, your life.
Mack: Yeah. Now the guy’s dead.
Elena: And I’m sorry about that, but I choose you over him every time.
Mack: Yeah. I just don’t want us losing ourselves here. Look what happened to Fitz in the Framework.
Elena: This is different.
Mack: Yeah, I know it’s different. This place is real.
Elena: Yeah, exactly. Real danger, real violence. We protect ourselves to survive.
Mack: Yeah. Do we have to hurt people to do it?
Elena: If we’re being practical, maybe.
Mack: Yeah, well, I was raised do unto others as you would have them do to you.
Elena: Yeah, you were raised in the suburbs. I didn’t grow up in Naperville. I grew up in Potosí, a city just like this. It operates on fear.
Mack: Yeah. And you hated it there.
Elena: Yeah, but I learned from it. We don’t have to hurt him to scare him. Look at that bastard. He owes money, and he’s still trying to get more. Maybe he does need a shake-up. And don’t worry, we won’t lose ourselves. I promise.
Kasius: Jemma. I’m thirsty.
Kasius: The truth is not a relative concept, is it? A subjective conceit? Then imagine my disappointment to discover you and Jemma did, in fact, hide the truth. Sinara said Jemma had a friend who assisted in saving a life, seemed to know her, seemed to understand.
Daisy: I would ask Simmons, but she can’t hear me for some twisted reason. I already told you.
Kasius: Please. I can’t abide untruths. And it’s unnecessary when we can get to the facts ever so quickly. Of course, there’s no way I can tell for certain if you’re being honest. But he can.
Daisy: I already told you. It’s just me and Simmons.
Kasius: Jemma, who was the woman helping you when you helped Reese?
Simmons: I have no idea. There were lots of people in The Exchange that day. I don’t know who they all were.
Ben: They’re telling the truth. Both of them.
Kasius: Did you come through time together or separately?
Daisy: I don’t understand why that matters.
Kasius: Because the prophecy spoke of S.H.I.E.L.D. And if they did, you may not even be aware of it.
Daisy: We came through together. No one else. Just us.
Kasius: Very well. Tell us that miraculous story. Spare no detail.
Daisy: We were alone. We lost one. Jeffrey Mace. Fitz killed him. One of our team members. Fitz was Jemma’s… they were in love. And he couldn’t handle it. Honestly, none of us really could. He was gonna leave S.H.I.E.L.D., so I took Jemma out to talk alone. We went to a diner. We were just talking when these guys came in, and they grabbed us. They knocked us out, and, boom, we ended up here.
Kasius: Jemma, now you tell me the same story, how you two ended up here. And, Jemma? It had best be a story in perfect accord with hers.
Simmons: I was so distraught after our last mission in the Framework, when Fitz killed Mace and Fitz was worse. He decided to leave S.H.I.E.L.D. It seemed our team was breaking up. Daisy took me to a diner to talk alone. To make me feel better, I guess. And then these men came. They grabbed us, they knocked us out and we ended up here.
Kasius: Good, then.
Kasius: I share your concern, but we have preparations to make. And, remember, you’re not the only one working on this.
Coulson: I imagine it’s not as simple as taking the elevator down to 35.
Deke: No. We can’t access it. But I can get us in below it, find my way in. I’ll call the elevator from Level 35 itself. You guys hang tight.
Coulson: You trust him?
May: You know me better than that.
Deke: Welcome to Level 35. Yeah, well, hold the applause.
Daisy: Hi. What the hell just happened?
Ben: I covered for you.
Daisy: Yeah, but how?
Ben: My Inhuman power, it isn’t just reading minds.
Daisy: You can let other people read your mind, too. So you told Simmons what I said.
Ben: Yeah. They don’t know I can do that.
Daisy: What about playing the game?
Ben: Daisy, listen, it wasn’t just your minds in there. That was as close as I’ve ever been to Kasius. My first chance to read his.
Daisy: Right. So, what did you see?
Ben: Shame. He hates this place. When his gala is all done, Kasius isn’t just leaving, he wants it all erased.
Daisy: He’s gonna destroy the station?
Ben: Along with everyone on it. My family. Every family. But I could also see how powerful he thinks you are and how powerful you know you are.
Daisy: Good. Maybe it’s time we change the rules on his game.
Elena: Hey.
Gunner: Who… What are you?
Elena: Grill sent us. He wants his money.
Gunner: Yeah? Screw Grill. I told him he’d get his money, and he will. He thinks you’re gonna scare me?
Elena: I should. Because if I don’t, big man here will.
Coulson: What is this place?
May: Lab. Maybe R&D.
Coulson: R&D. That works.
Gunner: Tell Grill to relax. I’m putting it together. No one wants any trouble.
Elena: Good. Then don’t cause any, 'cause I don’t know what my friend will do.
Gunner: Your friend just needs to calm down.
Mack: Take it easy. Take it easy. Now, this package you’re waiting for, you know we can make it disappear.
Gunner: What did you just say?
Coulson: If this place is all science, then there’s got to be something here we can use. We just need to find it. Roaches?
Deke: No.
Mack: I’m saying if you try anything, it wouldn’t be hard for us to go after this package of yours and make it so it never gets to you.
Gunner: Whoa, whoa, whoa. You can’t do that.
Mack: Hey. Things go missing all the time.
Gunner: I swear, I’ll kill you.
May: Wait. What is that?
Coulson: It’s the package meant for Gunner, isn’t it?
Deke: Probably. There’s been a lot of vacancies lately. Must be time to start filling them.
Gunner: What kind of man makes a threat so low? You’re sick.
Mack: Just pay Grill, and no one will take your stuff.
Elena: Mack.
Mack: But if you don’t, we’ll take that package, and we’ll throw it in the crushing mill.
Elena: Mack, look.
Gunner: Who threatens a child? Who would threaten to tear a baby away from someone when the chance is so rare?
Mack: Sorry. I didn’t know. I didn’t see.
Gunner: Kids are scarce here because of people like you who only understand violence and death! I hope you never get the privilege. You’d mess it up, anyway. People like you don’t deserve a child.
Elena: Mack! Mack, no! Mack! Mack, no! Mack! Mack!
Gunner: See?
Coulson: They’re using newborns as a commodity?
Deke: How do you think things are done around here? It’s the only way anyone can have kids.
Coulson: I’m sorry, “the only way?”
Deke: People don’t get pregnant anymore.
Coulson: Super. And the vibe goes full-dystopian. What did they do? Sterilize the whole population?
Deke: We think they do it through the food so they can decide who has children.
Coulson: How long?
Deke: They’ve always tried to control it. I was one of the last ones that was born the old-fashioned way, until Kasius decided that it was easiest to just…
Coulson: Create the children themselves. But why? Are they trying to diversify the human population?
Deke: Kasius doesn’t care about humans. He just wants to increase the genetic chances they turn. To Inhumans. They’re much more valuable that way.
Coulson: Valuable? Valuable to whom? Deke, what is he auctioning off down there?
Deke: You think he’s selling rocks? The whole process is pretty upsetting, so we try not to think about the details.
May: Phil. I found something.
Coulson: What is it?
May: Him.
Deke: Okay. Ow.
Coulson: May?
May: The lab got a new sample they’re supposed to use for Inhuman genes.
Coulson: Daisy. And they’ve been holding her since yesterday.
Deke: Is that what that thing says? Because if you…
Coulson: Even though you said you were helping her this morning. Why would you lie about Daisy unless you sold her out?
Deke: Okay, well, this is probably the part where I should explain.
Coulson: No. This is the part where May breaks your face. You explaining, kind of secondary.
Deke: Okay. You’re mad. I get that.
May: Are they using her for breeding?
Deke: It seems that way, but that’s not why Kasius wanted her.
Coulson: So you did sell her out.
Deke: Yes, but it’s more… Hey, fellas, we actually… we were just got a little bit turned around. Uh, is this Level 35? We were actually looking… Oh, okay, we’re fighting.
Deke: Ohh! More Kreepers.
May: Phil, you take Deke upstairs. Make him talk. I’ll hold them off.
Coulson: I’m not leaving you here alone.
May: Go.
Coulson: May. Your leg. You’re still not 100%.
May: I got this. Go.
Coulson: Okay. The bleeding’s stopped. How’s it feel?
Deke: It’s fine.
Coulson: Good. Not too tight?
Deke: No. Snug. Not too tight.
Coulson: Okay. In that case…
Deke: Ohh. I really need you people to stop doing that.
Coulson: Where’s Daisy?
Deke: Look, I had to do that.
Coulson: Oh, you had to?
Deke: Yeah, I had to. People had died, and Kasius wouldn’t have hesitated to kill hundreds more, and Daisy didn’t even seem to care, at all. So, trust me, it’s safer with her out of the mix.
Coulson: I don’t trust you.
Deke: Well, I did what needed to be done.
Coulson: Oh, please. That wasn’t the first time you went for a payday. You weren’t out to save lives. You made a profit.
Deke: The two aren’t mutually exclusive.
Coulson: So don’t pretend your motives were pure.
Deke: Oh, please. There’s so much you don’t even know that…
Coulson: And now you’re doing it again, aren’t you? You don’t want to help those people on the surface. You want to turn them over to Kasius for…
Deke: You don’t know me, man! I was nine, okay? When my mother got dragged away and murdered. Kasius got rid of all the elders, all the smart people, and she was one of them. And after she was gone, my dad took up the cause. He carried the torch for her. And as I got older, I begged him not to. I said that they were gonna get him, too, and I was right. He got sent to the roaches, just like the rest of them. That’s why it was pretty strange to hear his voice.
Coulson: That was your father?
Deke: If he’s alive up there, I don’t just want you to succeed, I need to be there when you do.
Coulson: Oh. That’s a good story. But stories are what you do, so excuse me if I don’t buy it just yet. You wanna help us, you’re gonna need to prove it.
Deke: How?
Coulson: Let’s start with the payment you got for Daisy. Someone else needs that more than you do.
Deke: That’s more painful than getting stabbed. That buy me some trust?
Coulson: It buys you some time. But for now, I think we’re safer with you out of the mix.
Deke: Hey, wait, wait, wait! Wait! Hey! Hey!
Coulson: Any word from May?
Elena: No.
Deke: Hey!
Elena: Wanna be careful standing around. Grill’s gonna be back soon. Are you ready to talk yet?
Mack: There’s nothing to say. I mean, there I was, telling you not to lose yourself. Who doesn’t love irony, right?
Elena: Mack, Gunner hit your weak spots. Of course you reacted.
Mack: I just couldn’t listen to him.
Elena: He doesn’t know what you’ve lost or how great of a dad you are.
Mack: But what if I’m not?
Elena: Not what?
Mack: A great dad.
Elena: Mack, please. Stop it.
Mack: No. When Hope died, the real Hope, she never came home, and, still, it took me weeks before I could walk into her nursery and take everything away, but I did it, eventually.
Elena: It must have been hard.
Mack: But this Hope, my Hope, in the Framework. She, uh… This is harder. I miss her so much. It’s so much worse. Imagine that. I survived the pain of losing my real child, but I can’t get over the pain of losing a fake one, so what kind of a father does that make me? Maybe Gunner was right about me. Maybe I really am already lost. I…
Elena: Hey. Hope might not have been real, but your love for her was. And that makes you a great father and a good man. We’ll get through this place intact. Together. Okay?
Grill: Hey, Monster Mack! Gunner just paid me off. Whoo! Seems like you’re twice the beast I thought you were. Glad to have you, Mack. You fit right in.
Kasius: And you’ve dealt with our newest guest?
Ava: Your gracious host Kasius would like to say a few words of welcome.
Kasius: It is truly my pleasure to invite you to this wondrous place, the last bastion of a species, a place I’ve been proud to call home for so long. You are the first to arrive for an exhibition of unbridled powers to excite the senses. All leading up to our main event. One powerful Inhuman, long thought gone, now here to enrich one lucky patron’s life. Quake, Destroyer of Worlds. Someone, maybe someone in this room right now, will win this prize. Her power will be your power. So, are there any requests as we begin?
Fitz: Forget your exhibition. She’s the Destroyer of Worlds. She should fight to the death.

S5E5:
Simmons: You’re not eating.
Fitz: Yeah, no. Not really hungry.
Coulson: You know, I think this is the first time we’ve all been together in a really long time.
Woman: Anybody have room for some pie? Okay, so we have apple, strawberry, rhubarb, and chocolate banana cream.
May: Here we go.
Enoch: Phillip J. Coulson.
Coulson: Yep, that’s me. You got us. Nice work. And congrats on the whole power-outage thing. That was very ominous.
Fitz: This is my fault. I’m gonna take full responsibility. Jemma?
Man: Hands in the air! Don’t move!
Evans: Where are the other six?
Lucas: Where are they? Where’d they go?!
Fitz: I don’t know.
Evans: Take him.
Fitz: Wait. No. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, let go. Wait! Just wait! I didn’t do anything! Something happened here! It wasn’t me! I need to find them!
Evans: Footage from the damaged security camera confirms you all walked in together at 8:54 p.m.
Lucas: But at 9:47, when we arrived, you were the only one there. How’d they get out? Where’d they go?
Fitz: I don’t know. Okay. So, you’re saying it wasn’t on the security camera?
Lucas: They conveniently blacked out just over two minutes before we arrived.
Evans: What happened during those two minutes?
Fitz: I swear I’m telling you the truth, I don’t know.
Lucas: Do you like Bendeery English Ale?
Fitz: What?
Lucas: Security cameras captured a Bendeery truck parked just in front of the diner before we arrived. Then it just disappeared, like your friends.
Evans: We’ve… We’ve read your dossier, Fitz. It’s impressive.
Lucas: The Big Bad Brain of S.H.I.E.L.D.
Evans: Did you help them escape with some kind of new S.H.I.E.L.D. technology? How did you know we were coming?
Fitz: I didn’t! There was no crystal ball or… or, “Beam me up, Scotty.” I don’t know how they got away. I have a theory. You did it. You drugged our food or, uh, used some kind of gas, and now you have them in rooms just like this one, and you’re messing with their mind like you’re messing with mine. So why don’t you tell me where the hell are they? Oh, come on. Who the hell is in charge here?!
Hale: Well, it’s not General Talbot, since Agent Johnson put a bullet in his head.
Fitz: That wasn’t her. That was… That was an LMD.
Hale: Oh, right. Alibis by Asimov, huh? Blame it on the robot.
Fitz: No, that’s true.
Hale: If it is, it was built and programmed by S.H.I.E.L.D.
Fitz: It was built by an android called AIDA, and it answered to her, it.
Hale: Is that the one that killed Dr. Holden Radcliffe?
Fitz: Yes.
Hale: And Jeffrey Mace?
Fitz: No, I’m responsible for that death. Okay? I’m telling you the truth, I’m responsible.
Hale: Is that why they left you behind? For you to take the blame, huh?
Fitz: No, they wouldn’t leave me. They wouldn’t… I’m done.
Hale: You’re done when I say you’re done. And if you don’t cooperate, you’re gonna be here for a very long time. Do you understand?
Fitz: Aah.
Man: Time to get up. On your feet! Get up.
Lucas: Where is Phil Coulson?
Fitz: I don’t know.
Lucas: Where is Daisy Johnson?
Fitz: I don’t know.
Lucas: Where is Jemma Simmons?
Fitz: I wish I knew. I wish I knew, ‘cause as much as you want to find them and bring them to justice, I want to find them so I know that they’re okay. I am more than happy to pay for my sins, but I honestly do not know where they are or what happened to them. I swear I will do anything I can to help you find them. If you let me.
Evans: He’s telling the truth.
Hale: Or he beat the machine.
Lucas: I don’t think so. I want him to fry as much as anyone, but he’s the smartest guy we’ve ever had in here. Maybe we should let his brain work for us, help us solve this thing.
Hale: What does he need?
Evans: Papers, pens, books.
Lucas: And a TV. To watch soccer.
Hale: Make sure that’s all he watches.
Fitz: What are you doing?!
Evans: So, what do you have for us this morning?
Fitz: I told you about my experience in the Framework.
Evans: Yes. It seems very traumatic.
Fitz: And I did suffer previous brain trauma, which may have been exacerbated. I may have suffered from Prodromal Schizophrenia. So it’s possible I did something to them, or, uh, I helped them escape, or something worse and blocked the memory.
Evans: We interviewed everyone there, Fitz. They all had the same two-minute lapse in memory. It wasn’t you.
Fitz: Okay. Yeah, that makes sense.
Evans: Are you okay?
Fitz: Yeah. There was something else, actually. There was, um, a high-pitched, uh… Books. I’m gonna need more books. Books on, uh, sonic frequencies, sound waves.
Evans: Get us a list. We’ll get them.
Fitz: And there’s something else. Would you be able to post this? Worst keeper I’ve ever seen in my life.
Evans: It’s a letter to a soccer fanzine. The least offensive part is when he calls the goalkeeper a Cro-Magnon Twit.
Lucas: Redact his name. Have it analyzed by our code-breakers. It’ll keep him happy. His intel on Radcliffe’s base panned out, so he’s helping us. And he’s our only chance at finding the others.
Fitz: What are you doing? What are you doing?! It’s a free kick!
Evans: In six months, you haven’t brought us a single plausible theory.
Fitz: I know. I know. And I’ve been racking my brains, but I think…
Lucas: No more thinking. You’re out of time. We want an answer.
Fitz: Okay. I have one. I know what happened.
Lucas: By all means. Enlighten us.
Fitz: They were abducted by aliens.
Hale: All right, that’s it. We’re done with you. No more books, no more television. You’ve wasted our time. You’re gonna grow old and die alone in that cell. What? Here? How?
Man: Hey, you can’t go in there without authorization.
Hale: Your attorney is here.
Hunter: Get those cuffs off my client and get the hell out of here.
Fitz: They printed my letters in the last six issues of Ballbuster Hooligans.
Hunter: And how many copies do you think are available in Bangladesh? None. As in zero. Soon as I heard you were missing, I got hold of some. Where do you get off on calling Liverpool a bunch of wankers?
Fitz: Well, if you never win anything, then how do…
Hunter: Well, at least we’re not trying to buy our way back to glory.
Fitz: Hey. Do not talk crap about Man U.
Hunter: Me talking crap? Your letters were nothing but crap. All that stuff about the… How many European Cups have you won?
Fitz: Well, got your attention, didn’t it? Finally. After six months!
Hunter: Well, maybe I should’ve just thrown them out and left you here.
Fitz: I missed you.
Hunter: You, too, mate.
Fitz: It’s good to see you. Mm-hmm.
Hunter: Okay. Okay. There… There’ll be times for more hugs later. Okay. Okay.
Fitz: Hey, uh, where are we?
Hunter: You’re in a secure military installation. One of those “doesn’t exist” places. But the law’s the law, so they had to let me in.
Fitz: Okay. Well, at least you gave me enough time to come up with a good escape plan. So, it’s a mechanism that, um, I can slowly assemble, but I’m gonna need you to smuggle it in piece by piece. Um, so, if… if you could visit three times a week for a month, then, uh, then I should have everything I need. What are you doing?
Hunter: I’m gonna need you to move two meters to your left. Mm-hmm. And come forward. There we go.
Fitz: What the bloody hell?!
Hunter: Your coded message didn’t have an escape plan, so I had to come up with one of my own. Come on. Let’s go. There’s our way out!
Fitz: Who’s flying it?
Hunter: Rusty. The best getaway pilot money can buy. Well, the best getaway pilot my money could buy.
Fitz: Please tell me your escape plan involves an actual escape.
Hunter: He was supposed to draw their attention, lead them on a wild goose chase up in the air, while we were getting away on the ground.
Fitz: Well, he’s definitely got their attention.
Hunter: Come on.
Fitz: Wait. That piece of junk is our ride?
Hunter: Yeah, it’s Rusty’s, God bless his cold, black soul. And it’s the last thing they’ll be looking for. The last thing they’ll be thinking is that two ex-S.H.I.E.L.D. agents would be stupid enough to try and escape in this whale.
Fitz: Apparently, we are.
Hunter: There you go. Your phone. You’re welcome. Now, Rusty kitted this thing out with all sorts of bells and whistles.
Fitz: Is one of those bells an engine?
Hunter: There we go. See? It’s even got cloaking.
Hale: How the hell did he contact an attorney without any outside communication?
Evans: He mailed some letters.
Lucas: We mailed them. Rants to a magazine. I had them analyzed and cleared. There was nothing there.
Hale: Well, obviously, there was. Analyze them again. If you crack the code, you find out who he’s talking to.
Man: We checked all the surveillance footage within a two-mile radius. Everything checks out except this.
Hale: Are they the idiots, or are we?
Evans: They won’t get far in that thing.
Hale: Well, if you find them, don’t engage. They could lead us to the others.
Hunter: Just his head set on fire? Nothing else?
Fitz: Um, no.
Hunter: That’s the strangest thing I’ve ever heard. Except for the sexy robot that you made that became human and wanted you to stick the old floppy into her love drive.
Fitz: Can we not talk about this, please?
Hunter: Copy that. Message received. Well, my life has been perfectly boring by comparison. Mercenary work, working with unscrupulous dirtbags like Rusty.
Fitz: How are things with Bobbi?
Hunter: Good. Yeah. We’re 100% compatible, 50% of the time. Nearly got married again. Until the ninjas showed up.
Fitz: So you are together?
Hunter: Together forever, just doing our own thing. Distance is our savior. How about you and Simmons? Did you find a way to work it out?
Fitz: Distance is our curse.
Hunter: So, how are we gonna find her?
Fitz: Okay. Um, the only real clue we have is a Bendeery English Ale truck.
Hunter: Chasing a beer truck. I like this plan. Do we get to plunder it when we find it?
Fitz: No, it vanished. I need a way to find it.
Hunter: Then you, my friend, are in the right RV. Among Rusty’s more useful traits, piloting being henceforth removed from that list, is that he was paranoid as balls. A die-hard conspiracy theorist who liked to spy on anyone he thought was spying on him, which was everyone.
Fitz: So, he can tap into surveillance.
Hunter: Yep.
Fitz: Where is it?
Hunter: At the back, beyond the margarita machine and the ferret cages.
Fitz: Oh, that’s plenty of bells and whistles. Thank you, Rusty.
Fitz: There it is. So, the truck arrived at the diner just before they vanished. Look. That’s them. There’s ten of them. Who’s that? All the surveillance cameras within a two-mile radius went dark for those two minutes. How is that possible? Where are you going?
Hunter: There it is.
Fitz: No, that’s a postal truck.
Hunter: There?
Fitz: No.
Hunter: Why can you never find a beer truck when you need one?
Fitz: Unless…
Hunter: Ruddy bloody hell.
Fitz: Got you now.
Enoch: I’ve been expecting you.
Hunter: What? Wait. No. We’re here to surprise you, so act surprised.
Enoch: There’s no need for violence.
Fitz: You were at the diner. I saw you. Y-You put them in your truck, and you brought them here. Where are they?
Enoch: Two Zero Nine One. Earth Year. Two Zero Nine One.
Hunter: Why do I get the feeling there’s a kill room in the basement?
Fitz: Where is this? What’s happening? No. Who the hell are you?
Enoch: I was sent here 30,000 years ago to observe and record the evolution of your species. What you would call an anthropologist. My Earth name is Enoch. I am a sentient Chronicom from a planet which revolves around a star in the constellation you know as Cygnus.
Hunter: Yeah. We’ll just go with “Enoch.”
Fitz: Why? Why did you send them through that thing?
Enoch: To fulfill a prophesy. This speaks of the future. They were needed there.
Hunter: Look, there’s only so much crazy talk I can take before I start shooting holes in it.
Fitz: Why didn’t you take me?
Enoch: You weren’t part of the Seer’s prophecy, Mr. Fitz.
Hunter: You don’t seriously believe all this, do you? A prophecy and a Monolith that sends you through time?
Fitz: Send me through to them.
Enoch: The Stone can only be activated from the other end. I only knew when it would open. I have no knowledge of who opened it.
Fitz: Somebody does. The, uh… The Seer? Let’s start there. Take me.
Enoch: I don’t think it’s wise.
Fitz: You don’t think… You are going to take me to whoever or whatever this Seer is, or your future ends now.
Enoch: I am trying to help, Mr. Fitz. You did not need to threaten me.
Fitz: Sorry. I’m just worried about my friends.
Hunter: So, who is it?
Enoch: There.
Lucas: Search every room. They were here. I want to know why. What the hell?
Evans: Stay on the RV, but keep your distance and do not engage. We want to know where they’re going.
Lucas: What do you make of all this?
Evans: I have no idea.
Polly: Hi, Enoch.
Enoch: Hello, Polly.
Fitz: I know you. You’re Polly Hinton.
Polly: Do I know you?
Fitz: I’m with S.H.I.E.L.D. Can I…?
Fitz: You must be Robin. I’m Fitz. I’m friends with Daisy.
Lucas: What are we dealing with here?
Evans: Is there a kid’s room in this house?
Lucas: No. Single male, lives alone.
Evans: That magic crystal ball we were theorizing about? It’s real, but it’s not S.H.I.E.L.D. tech. It’s a child.
Hunter: So, she’s the Seer? You are a very good artist. Can I have a look? This is prophecy?
Polly: She’s been very active lately.
Fitz: What is that? What are these… What are these symbols?
Enoch: An ancient language from another galaxy. Never known to anyone on Earth. Until her.
Hunter: The quiet type, eh? Wish you could teach Bobbi that. Get a drink in her, and she’s like a wind-up doll. You can’t…
Robin: They’re here for us.
Fitz: Let’s go. Come on.
Enoch: Put these in.
Evans: You’re coming with us. The girl, too, so don’t even think about trying to run… away.
Lucas: We just lost a half an hour of time.
Fitz: I think we lost them.
Hunter: Not for long. We need to find a place to lay low for a while.
Enoch: I’m taking you to the place where I sent the others.
Fitz: You said that was impossible.
Enoch: I’m taking you where, not when.
Hunter: Under a lighthouse, eh? How far down does this go?
Enoch: Unknown.
Fitz: What is it?
Enoch: Unknown.
Fitz: Who built it?
Enoch: Unknown.
Evans: They just disappeared. It had to be the same blackout technology they used at the diner.
Hale: Do we have any idea who the girl is?
Lucas: We’ve got images from surveillance cameras across the street. We’re running facial-recognition scans on her and her mother.
Hale: Well, make it your highest priority. If she’s able to predict and forewarn, she might be able to tell secrets. I want you to find her and control her. It’s better she’s on our side. We need every weapon in this fight.
Enoch: As of this moment, you are the only four humans who know of this place’s existence.
Fitz: How do you know about it?
Enoch: We’ll stay until we can decide what to do with her. She is no longer safe.
Hunter: Why don’t you just ask her? She seems to know everything else.
Enoch: She gives answers in her own time. It’s better not to interfere.
Fitz: Hey. You sent my friends into the future. I’d call that some serious interference.
Enoch: Our protocol allows for one exception, the prevention of an extinction-level event.
Fitz: What?
Hunter: So what happened?
Enoch: Unknown.
Hunter: Sad, isn’t it? To know all she knows and not be able to do a thing about it.
Fitz: Maybe she’s trying.
Hunter: No. You can’t save the world. I can barely save myself. What’s her story? How do you know her?
Fitz: Her father was an Inhuman. Every time he touched someone, he and that person would have a vision of an impending death. And it must have been torturous. So he couldn’t have any human contact. Not with his wife. Not with his… not his baby daughter.
Hunter: And they still call these “gifts?”
Fitz: He saved Daisy. And she was convinced that she could save him, change the future, but…
Hunter: What’s written is written.
Fitz: Jemma and I were there. Holding hands. We had no idea.
Hunter: So, you and Simmons?
Fitz: Yeah. Yeah, we’re together now. Everyone knows. Even looked for a place together.
Hunter: Oh, congrats, mate. I remember when you couldn’t even admit that you liked her.
Fitz: Maybe it should have stayed that way. Everything that keeps happening to us does seem like the universe doesn’t want us to be together.
Hunter: The universe doesn’t want or care about anything. And even if it did, why wouldn’t it want you to be together? You two are so perfect for each other, it makes everyone a little bit nauseous.
Fitz: Maybe it’s trying to protect her.
Hunter: From what?
Fitz: From me. From what I was in the Framework, ‘cause that came from inside me. That’s… wasn’t programming.
Hunter: Was that the Fitz I saw back at Enoch’s place?
Fitz: Yeah.
Hunter: I have to admit, I kind of liked seeing that side of you. And it worked for us. Got Enoch on the right page.
Fitz: Yeah, well, it also got people killed.
Hunter: Look, I don’t know what you went through, but I know you’re not a cold-blooded killer. Every light needs a shadow. You just have to learn how to control it, use it when you need it.
Fitz: I can’t stand it being anywhere inside of me. I think that’s why they left me behind, I think 'cause I’m too much of a risk to them to… too much of a risk to Jemma.
Hunter: Bollocks. You want to know why you were left behind? Ask the one that kicked you off the guest list.
Fitz: Get it while it’s hot.
Polly: Thanks. It smells good. I’m sorry about your friends.
Fitz: Did Robin ever say why I wasn’t supposed to go with them?
Polly: She doesn’t say much at all. Not since Terrigenesis. I found her in a state just like her father.
Fitz: She was way too young to go through that.
Polly: Her mind has been scattered. Past, present, future, it’s all the same to her, all mixed up. Sometimes, she doesn’t even know I’m her mother.
Fitz: I’m sorry.
Polly: Enoch has been very helpful. He’s helped me to understand and accept. And she lives mostly inside her head now, but we can try. Robin, sweetie. Mr. Fitz has brought you some breakfast. And he has a question for you. He’d like to know why he’s not with his friends. Can you tell Fitz? He’d really like to know why he’s not with them.
Robin: 'Cause you have to save them.
Fitz: They’re in trouble some 70 years in the future, and there’s nothing I can do? I’ll be a skeleton by the time they get here.
Enoch: I may know another way.
Hunter: Oh, now there’s a way? What happened to no interference?
Enoch: It’s prophecy now.
Hunter: Right.
Fitz: How, Enoch? How do I get to them?
Enoch: I came to Earth in a small capsule. It was discovered decades ago and is now secured in a warehouse. It might be able to take you to them.
Fitz: Okay. Where is it?
Enoch: Have you heard of a place called Blue Raven Ridge?
Hunter: You’re joking.
Fitz: You know it?
Hunter: Yeah, of course I know it. We just broke out of it. It’s the military base they were holding you in.
Fitz: Okay, well, hate to say it, but we’re gonna have to break back in.
Hunter: We’re breaking a basic rule of espionage. Never walk into the same place as two different people.
Fitz: We don’t have a choice. You sure these I.D.s are gonna hold up?
Hunter: I hope so. Cooter didn’t have much time.
Fitz: Cooter?
Hunter: An old friend of Rusty’s. He’s very…
Fitz: Let me guess, he’s the best your money could afford.
Hunter: Afternoon. We’re here to fix a hole in the wall.
Man: I.D.s. Rusty Peltzer and Jimmy Futterman.
Hunter: That’s us. You break it, we fix it and charge you the military mark-up. Too much? If Cooter hasn’t got us in the system, then this is all over.
Fitz: No. Then we’ll find another way.
Hunter: What? From our tiny little cells?
Man: All clear. You know where you’re going?
Hunter: Know it like the back of our hands.
Hunter: Rusty always said there was alien artifacts on this base. Maybe he wasn’t so crazy after all.
Fitz: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Careful. These are extremely volatile and unpredictable. Screw up once, you could lose a limb.
Hunter: Once we do this, that’s it, no turning back.
Fitz: Let’s do it.
Hunter: Okay. Release the ferrets.
Man 1: What’s that mean?
Man 2: Something’s setting off the perimeter alarms. You seeing this?
Man: We got a 10-98 here. Repeat, a 10-98.
Fitz: They’ll instinctively head for the drains and vents. Motion sensors will interpret that as an escape, right? And procedure will seal the perimeter, leaving us alone in here.
Hunter: Which is fine till we need to get out.
Fitz: This is it.
Hunter: You sure this is it?
Fitz: This is gonna get me there if I’m lucky. All right. Let’s get this back on the truck.
Hunter: We’re not gonna need a truck.
Hunter: Brings back memories. We had some good times back in the day, in between all the bad times and being shot at and chased and attacked by monsters.
Fitz: Yeah. This place, the base, always felt like home. Like family.
Hunter: Ah, don’t worry. You’ll be together again soon.
Fitz: You’re just saying that.
Hunter: Yeah, of course I am. They’re stuck 70-odd years in the future, and our world’s about to end. The odds, my friend, are not in your favor.
Fitz: Are they ever?
Hunter: Well, let’s see what we’ve got here. Fitzy. We just hit the jackpot.
Fitz: They’ve brought everything from S.H.I.E.L.D.
Man: What the hell’s going on here?!
Fitz: Go upstairs, fire up the guidance system, and activate auto-takeoff. I’ll hold them off here and close the doors!
Hunter: Uh, shouldn’t you do the technical, and I’ll…
Fitz: Go!
Hunter: All right.
Hale: I know you mean well. I’m sorry that it has to end this way, but you have continually let me down. I don’t trust you anymore.
Evans: You’re demoting us?
Hale: No. I need a cleaning crew.
Fitz: These will be waiting for me when I get there. Team S.H.I.E.L.D. will be fully armed.
Polly: How does this get Fitz to the future?
Fitz: It’s a Cryo-Freeze Chamber.
Hunter: What?!
Fitz: Yeah. I’m taking the long way there. Gonna sleep for 74 years.
Hunter: That is the most insane idea in our history of insane ideas.
Fitz: Yep.
Hunter: We can’t hide you in a wall. You’ll suffocate when you wake up. And if we leave you sitting around here, who knows what people or things are gonna find their way in there.
Enoch: He’s not going to be here. I summoned a Chronicom Vessel. We’ll orbit a planet hidden safely away from Earth until he wakes up.
Hunter: Oh, great. That’s brilliant.
Enoch: Are you ready?
Hunter: We’ll look after those two. Bobbi could use a good cause.
Enoch: Thank you, Lance Hunter.
Hunter: Just make sure he gets back okay.
Fitz: Well, I guess this is it.
Hunter: I’ve had a hell of a time, as always. I guess I underestimated your odds. Don’t die out there, mate.
Fitz: All right. Yep. Okay. Yep.
Hunter: I love you.
Fitz: I know.
Enoch: Good morning, Fitz. Rise and shine. While you were asleep, I had time to put a plan in motion. We have a few days until we arrive at the Lighthouse. That should give me enough time to prepare you.
Fitz: Prepare me for what?
Enoch: For facing off against some of the most ruthless and brutal mobsters, monsters, and mercenaries in the galaxy. I hope you have it in you.
Fitz: I have it in me.

S5E6:
Flint: Hey, Gretch. Got your tin right here.
Gretch: I’ll give you a token.
Flint: A token? I was hoping for at least three.
Gretch: Token’s all I can spare.
Flint: Only for my favorite customer. Hey, Citrus, look, I don’t have enough today, but maybe tomorrow, you can…
Grill: Sorry, junior. No gimmes today.
Flint: Look, I don’t need charity, all right? Only your best offer.
Grill: Hmm.
Kree: We’ve been looking for you.
Coulson: Kasius is breeding Inhumans to sell. Guy’s got his own Cronenberg science division and everything.
Elena: This would explain all the ships arriving.
Mack: You think they’re here for Daisy?
Coulson: Afraid so.
Elena: And still no sign of May?
Coulson: Normally, she could hold her own against the Kree. But her leg, it’s in bad shape.
Tess: There you are.
Coulson: Tess, what is it?
Tess: It’s the Blues. They’ve come to harvest the children.
Enoch: That is Lady Karaba. She is a demented brute. Her affection a curse to anyone who receives it. And there is Senator Gaius Ponarian. I am repulsed by the sight. Even the man’s closest friends find his temperament to be that of a diseased child monster.
Fitz: Seems Kasius has assembled the worst of the worst.
Enoch: Do not fear. You are far more reprehensible than any other creature in this room.
Fitz: Thanks for that, Enoch.
Enoch: You’re quite welcome. It was a rather fun pursuit, constructing your alias. No longer are you Leopold Fitz, but instead, Boshtok, a vile space Marauder of unlimited wealth.
Fitz: Was the brooch really necessary?
Enoch: Indeed. That medal signifies the number of enemy lives you’ve taken.
Fitz: Just seems a little odd wearing a medal with little rhinestones on it.
Enoch: That is quite amusing. You no doubt realize those are Geg-ku larvae.
Fitz: Okay, you know what? Let’s drop the charade, find the others, and we’ll shoot our way out.
Enoch: Mm. The chances of survival would be less than 2% for each individual. That is Jemma Simmons. Would you like me to broker an introduction?
Fitz: Why would I need you to introduce me to Jemma Simmons?
Enoch: It’s Marauder protocol.
Kasius: Look at the sniveling horde. These same ingrates mocked me all these years, yet now they hover about, clamoring for my favor. I, too, am unfamiliar with the Marauder, though his fortune is rumored to be vast. You want me to keep an eye on him. Ponarian, how great to see you again, dear friend.
Ponarian: Kasius.
Fitz: Jemma, it’s me. Don’t turn around. Just play it cool. I’ve missed you so much. You know, I spent six months locked up in an off-the-books military prison, not to mention 80 years frozen in space, all just hoping to find you and here you are. You know, I realized something. The universe can’t stop us. ‘Cause we’ve crossed galaxies. We’ve traveled through time. We’ve survived the bottom of the Atlantic just so we could be together. Now, a love like that… that’s stronger than any curse. And you and I, we are unstoppable together. I… I don’t want to live another day without you. So, Jemma Simmons, will you marry me? I know, I mean, I know I said, “Play it cool,” but I didn’t mean play it this cool. Jemma…
Kasius: Is there a problem?
Fitz: I asked your servant a question, which she ignored.
Kasius: My apologies. My servitors are only allowed to hear the voice of their master.
Fitz: Oh. Are they? Well, why don’t you tell me how your guests’ needs are met when your slaves can’t hear them?
Kasius: There.
Fitz: Thank you.
Kasius: This one is quite exemplary. In fact, she also traveled through time with the Destroyer of Worlds.
Fitz: Hmm?
Kasius: Which probably explains her flawless complexion.
Fitz: Is she for sale?
Kasius: Not independently. She comes as a companion, for she is quite adept at motivating the Destroyer.
Fitz: Huh. Well, I find the only motivation people ever really need is pain. And its proper application.
Kasius: A wonderful sentiment. I should have expected no less from a man with such an impressive brooch.
Fitz: Ah.
Kasius: I need you to go see what has been reaped from today’s harvest.
Fitz: What? Terran food awaits?
Kasius: A bounty, though the harvest is something else. Earlier today, my men were carrying out the process of Terrigenesis, hoping to produce new Inhumans for my guests. If any were so inclined.
Fitz: Depends on how many units I have left after I purchase the Destroyer.
Kasius: It is said you are a man of expensive tastes. We shall soon see if you have the resources to support such desires.
Tess: Every year, Kasius puts all the 18-year-olds through Terrigenesis.
Coulson: And that day’s today?
Tess: No, that was months ago.
Mack: Most of these kids are barely teenagers.
Tess: That’s the one in charge. Been working his way up from the lower floors.
Coulson: I’m guessing this has something to do with Kasius’ big party.
Elena: More products, more profit.
Tess: That’s Flint.
Coulson: He doesn’t have anyone talking him through this?
Tess: His parents were killed in a Renewal. Virgil had a soft spot for the kid, was even teaching him to fly. Gave him odds and ends to help him get by.
Coulson: You should go say something.
Flint: Tess, this is crazy. I wasn’t supposed to get misted for another two years.
Tess: Just means you don’t have to wait.
Flint: Is this gonna mess me up?
Tess: Look, everything is gonna be fine. Going through the mist, it’s no big deal.
Elena: Terrigenesis is scary enough without a bunch of hyenas watching.
Mack: It’s not their fault. These people have all been fed the same lie.
Elena: People believe what they want to believe. It’s obvious they’re lambs being led to the slaughter.
Mack: Let’s just hope none of these kids crust over.
Flint: If I do turn, least you won’t have me coming around, begging for scraps.
Tess: I like having you come around.
The Vicar: Children, it is time.
Flint: It’s all right.
The Vicar: We seek a great bounty. Hoping that one of the young gathered here today ascends to something greater. Prepare to receive your gift from Kasius.
Elena (in Spanish): I can’t watch this.
Tess: Flint!
Ponarian: Mmm! So, how are you faring with that Vrellnexian litter I sold you?
Kasius: It has been trying. The savage beasts have proven quite difficult to wrangle.
Ponarian: Well, they’re certainly not bred to cuddle. They’re creatures of war, the not the shaggy dog of men. But I had hoped that the Vrells would provide you a small triumph. Last time we spoke, the strain of your exile seemed to wear heavy on your soul.
Kasius: I was never exiled. Mm. My father simply wanted me to oversee his Earth project personally.
Ponarian: While your brother oversees the family empire.
Ben: Kasius never offered me as a fighter till today. Guess that’s what I get for saving your life.
Daisy: I didn’t ask you to help me.
Ben: You were hoping for it. In your brain. Which is basically the same thing for a mind-reader.
Daisy: Things are starting to turn in our favor, so just trust me on this, okay?
Ben: I’m really glad my Inhibitor’s on right now so I can’t hear whatever dumb idea’s in your head.
Daisy: We just need to work together.
Ben: Stop thinking that you have a choice. We’re slaves.
Daisy: I am sorry for getting you mixed up in all this.
Ben: Let’s just hope one of us doesn’t have to kill the other.
Ponarian: Dear friends, in honor of Kasius presenting the Destroyer of Worlds, I, too, have brought a rare delicacy for everyone’s enjoyment, fresh Xandarian snail!
Kasius: Oh! You are far too generous, Ponarian.
Ponarian: Please keep that in mind when the bidding begins.
Karaba: How do you keep your human population so well under heel?
Fitz: He has them kill each other. Well, that’s what I would do. Humans clearly have the numbers, so fear is essential. And getting them to do it, that is the trick. Ritualization helps, making it sort of a game. It’s all very efficient, really, at least in my experience.
Kasius: Seems we have similar minds. It has done wonders tamping down the humans’ more rebellious impulses. Mm. Oh. Well, I hope everyone’s meal has been to their liking. As for your more primal appetites, a fight to the death is moments away. So, take a final look. One of these Inhumans will soon be withdrawn from the marketplace.
Ponarian: Marauder, you have yet to taste your snail. Perhaps unrefined men don’t have the stomach for such indulgences.
Fitz: I find moist creatures distasteful, much like the fat mouths slurping them down.
Kasius: This Boshtok makes for a lively dinner companion. Let us leave these snails to shrivel, huh? Much greater pursuits await our attention.
Kree: Maybe the boy’s ability is to disappear.
The Vicar: No, this is something else.
Tess: Is he dead? How does someone just disappear like that?
Coulson: I’m really not sure, though I may have a theory.
Flint: We got to get back to The Exchange.
Elena: It’s not safe for you.
Flint: But the Guards will be looking for me.
Elena: Only to sell you.
Flint: But I get a better life and the rest of the level profits.
Elena: You get no better life. People who buy other people are not good people. They’ll only hurt you.
Flint: You don’t know that. How did you do that?
Flint: Tess…
Tess: Are you okay?
Flint: No. I was just kidnapped by a crazy woman.
Mack: Yeah, the kid ain’t wrong about that.
Tess: Don’t worry. She’s with me. Flint, this is Yo-Yo. She’s Inhuman, too.
Flint: Yeah, I kind of figured that already. Why aren’t you living down on the Kree levels?
Elena: I’m not really from here.
Coulson: None of us are. And she’s not the only Inhuman with us.
Flint: You mean this guy?
Elena: No, he’s just cool.
Coulson: Look, we can’t hide in here forever. Kasius’ men will be looking for Flint even as we speak.
Mack: And Grill’s reporting to his station boss. He’ll be back end of day.
Elena: We need to disappear long before that.
Tess: Look, I could put in for a Trawler run. We hide Flint in the brig and head out. Could buy us a couple days.
Mack: Yeah, but without May, we don’t have a pilot.
Tess: Least of our worries.
Coulson: Want any help?
Tess: More people, more questions. Best I go on my own. Stay right here. Be back in a few.
Kasius: It is refreshing to have a man of your caliber join our ranks. Would you care to join me for the upcoming display?
Fitz: I’m eager to see everyone you have to offer.
Kasius: Then I shall make every effort not to disappoint. Our first contestant possesses extraordinary skill, a telepath, able to read his opponent’s plan of attack before it is carried out.
Fitz: Ah.
Kasius: Normally, I’d pit Ben against another Inhuman. Yet, for this select crowd, I’ve decided for a more unique opponent. One not of this time. This deadly assassin was trained by one of the galaxy’s most despised organizations. But most intriguing, she is also a friend to the Destroyer of Worlds. Dear guests, may I present to you, Melinda May, Agent of S.H.I.E.L.D.
May: Aah! You’re cheating.
Ben: And you’re dying.
Fitz: How many traveled in time with the Destroyer?
Kasius: My servant and Melinda May are the only ones I’ve discovered, though Sinara remains convinced there are more.
Fitz: The mind reader’s a skilled fighter. Speaks well of his training.
Kasius: Ben is quite talented for an Inhuman. But he wouldn’t last a day in my father’s army.
Fitz: You speak highly of your father.
Kasius: He’s the greatest warrior I know.
Fitz: Ponarian made it seem as if you’d been banished from your home world.
Kasius: Ponarian knows not of what he speaks.
Fitz: My father was disapproving. The things I did to earn his respect, they left scars.
Kasius: My own situation, it is a tragic misunderstanding.
Ben: No one can help you now. Not even a guest of Kasius.
May: Aah!
Ben: You’re doubting yourself.
May: Stay out of my head.
Fitz: My guess is you’re selling the Destroyer as a way to redeem yourself.
Kasius: I believe a great fortune can smooth over any transgression.
Fitz: I’m prepared to help you with that.
Ben: Don’t make me the bad guy. Kasius only tossed me in here because I helped your friends.
May: Okay. Then I won’t kill you.
Ben: Thanks for promising not to do something you can’t…
May: Didn’t think, just did. Aah! Aah! We have to work together.
Ben: What is it with you guys and teamwork?! This fight needs to end now, or else they’ll feed us both to the Roaches on the surface.
May: Aah!
Ben: No way. Kasius isn’t gonna change the rules now.
May: You just have to know who to ask.
Fitz: This fight bores me.
Kasius: I assure you it will end in a most thrilling fashion. Sinara, have the guards throw in more weapons.
Fitz: Lack of weapons is not the problem. I came to see the Destroyer fight, not some ancient has-been.
Kasius: I’m afraid a life is owed.
Fitz: Send the Agent of S.H.I.E.L.D. to the surface. The Vrellnexians will have much more use for her than your weary audience.
Kasius: Guards! Escort the human woman to the surface lift.
May: Thank you.
Ben: Unfortunately, your friend just delayed the inevitable. No one can escape the Roaches.
May: Aah! Aah.
The Vicar: Have you seen the boy?
Tess: Flint? Mm. Can’t say I have. He’s a total floor rat. He could be anywhere.
The Vicar: Or you could be hiding him.
Tess: Why would I do that?
The Vicar: I saw you together at the ceremony, offering the boy last words.
Tess: Listen, Flint, he gets me things no one else can. Giving the kid a pep talk? That was me just keeping my business relationship on the steady.
The Vicar: If I find you’re keeping things from me, there will be consequences.
Tess: Understood. We done here?
Flint: Well, how come I don’t have my powers yet?
Elena: You have your power. It just hasn’t revealed itself.
Flint: How long did yours take?
Elena: Oh, it was a total disaster. I crusted over three weeks earlier, after eating fish soup and tacos.
Flint: What are tacos?
Mack: What the hell kind of future is this?
Elena: Tacos are a food. Anyways, I had told myself this was just a dream. And then my cousin Francisco calls with bad news about his mom. I was upset, so I went to get a beer, and whoosh! I’m back on my couch, beer in one hand. I realize I need a bottle opener, and whoosh again, I’m back on my couch, bottle opener in the other hand.
Flint: What did you think was happening?
Elena: My heart was beating so fast, I thought someone had put cocaine in my beer.
Mack: Whoa. Dial it back, Escobar.
Elena: I got so worried, I told my cousin Francisco to come over. He spent countless hours talking me out of an exorcism.
Grill: That is a great story. Pretty sure Kasius is gonna want to hear that for himself.
Kasius: 10,000 for the telepath!
Karaba: Kasius doesn’t need money, he wants weapons. Five Culverian Blasters.
Ponarian: This is an auction, Lady Karaba, not a flea market. Take your useless toys back to the mudpits you crawled out of.
Kasius: My apologies to you both, but I cannot in good faith sell this Inhuman.
Ponarian: What dense thought rattles in your brain, Kasius? If I wanted a tease, I would have visited the brothels of Kitson.
Kasius: Your pent-up desires do not concern me. As to my reasoning. Perhaps you would care to illuminate our guests.
Ben: No. Please. It won’t happen again. I was wrong. Please!
Kasius: You see, Ben was present when I asked the Destroyer if others had traveled through time with her. She insisted that my servant was the only one, which turned out to be untrue.
Daisy: Kasius, th… it’s not his fault. Kasius!
Kasius: He lied. Normally, that would not preclude him from being sold. Only in this instance, that lie was told to me.
Fitz: Is this really necessary? Make one of the buyers discipline him.
Kasius: You of all people must understand. No man of honor can allow the tongues of his slaves to lie so boldly.
Daisy: I’m the one. I am the one to blame! Not Ben!
Kasius: Perhaps. But he’s far less valuable.
Ben: Don’t blame yourself.
Daisy: No! Ben! No! No, no, no.
Kasius: Hopefully, you found this display more to your liking.
Coulson: You’re home early.
Grill: Thought I was getting called up for another damn report. But turns out, my manager just wanted to let me know that a Trawler pilot was fighting in The Crater.
Coulson: May?
Elena: Is she all right?
Grill: All right’s not a word I would use for someone who was chucked out as Roach food. Morsel, maybe. Now it’s time you tell me why the three of you didn’t have any Metrics.
Coulson: We came from the past to save the world.
Grill: Are you… you speaking of… the Prophecy? Hey, look, I may be a rube, but only dumb rubes believe in that prophecy nonsense. Though I will be a rich rube once I turn you four in to Kasius.
Mack: You turn us in, we’re all dead.
Grill: Listen. Once that creepy son of a bitch pays me off, he can do whatever he wants. Now, being dead might be your best option.
Simmons: I’m so sorry.
Daisy: Ben saved my life, he saved both of our lives, and Kasius just murdered him while I stood there.
Simmons: There was nothing you could do.
Daisy: I’m gonna kill him.
Simmons: Mm. Well, you’ll have to get in line.
Daisy: So you can hear now?
Simmons: Fitz tricked Kasius into turning my hearing back on.
Daisy: How is Fitz even here?
Simmons: I don’t know! He just showed up out of nowhere with his own spaceship.
Daisy: It’s a baller move. Not to mention the whole bounty-hunter look he’s rocking.
Simmons: I still prefer him in cardigans.
Daisy: Do you have any idea what he’s planning?
Simmons: Yeah, I’m not sure, actually. We haven’t had a moment to speak, though it would seem he’s here to purchase us.
Daisy: What if it doesn’t work?
Simmons: I have a knife.
Daisy: We can do better.
Simmons: Well, there was limited cutlery to choose from.
Daisy: No, with our plan. We have to figure out a way to work together. Kasius has to turn my Inhibitor off before the fight starts. We can make our move then.
Simmons: Who are you facing?
Daisy: Someone disposable.
Simmons: I’m sure Fitz will be ready. Here we are again.
Daisy: Us against the world.
Ava: You must hurry. There’s a situation.
Enoch: We have a problem.
Fitz: What is it now?
Enoch: Someone new has arrived to acquire the Destroyer of Worlds from Kasius.
Fitz: Someone more wealthy than me?
Enoch: And more feared. His brother.
Flint: Why does Kasius have people fighting downstairs, Grill?
Grill: All part of the fun and games. Let’s just hope he doesn’t choose you.
Mack: Hey! He’s just a kid!
Grill: I’m starting to think that Zev didn’t deserve to die. That maybe your girlfriend set him up! Nothing says that I gotta turn you in cherry. So, you know, maybe I will just watch you sizzle. Hey, knock it off, junior.
Flint: I don’t know how.
Grill: Well, you figure it out!
Elena: Flint, look at me. This is your gift. You can control it.
Grill: You stop it, or I will stop you.
Fitz: Kasius?
Kasius: Mhm?
Fitz: What is this about your brother coming for the Destroyer?
Kasius: If you’d excuse me. Isn’t it wonderful? The journey from my home world is significant, so Father must be quite serious if he sent Faulnak in person.
Fitz: I’m also serious, and I guarantee you I have traveled a much longer journey.
Kasius: And it has been a privilege having you.
Fitz: No. Not if I don’t get the Destroyer. You promised me a chance to make an offer.
Kasius: Which I look forward to entertaining. Though I would encourage you to consider one of my other Inhumans.
Enoch: That did not appear to go well. Let’s hope the rest does.
Fitz: Okay, then. There’s one last thing I need you to do.
Kasius: Our fate is soon at hand, Sinara. Ah. It is an honor to have you join us, brother.
Faulnak: There is no honor to be found in this human cesspool.
Kasius: Yet here you stand. There must be something of worth for you to travel such a great distance.
Faulnak: I’m only here because of Father’s orders.
Kasius: Oh. It pleases to hear Father sent you, his most trusted messenger.
Faulnak: This Destroyer had better be what you say, or I’ll gladly remind you of the many shapes my anger takes.
Kasius: Yes. You were always quick to offer a demonstration. Perhaps now I can present one of my own. The Destroyer is set to battle one of my most prized Inhumans.
Faulnak: I have no desire to see one of your homegrown experiments fight. The Destroyer must face a Kree warrior. Your stray shall suffice.
Kasius: But Sinara is not prepared for battle.
Faulnak: Is she not your greatest warrior? You cower behind her as though she is. Perhaps I have misjudged and you no longer seek Father’s approval.
Kasius: Of course. Sinara would be honored to fight. Well, I understand this is sudden, but it presents a tremendous opportunity. Everything I have been striving for is but one fight away.
Sinara: To the death.
Kasius: Yes. That is what has been promised. I have every confidence that you will provide us all a great spectacle.
Flint: No. I can’t be here anymore.
Mack: Hold on. It’s too dangerous out there.
Flint: It’s better than staring at the guy I just killed! I knew him! He was one of my best customers! Even gave me spare tokens from time to time.
Elena: What happened to Grill is not your fault.
Coulson: You had no choice. He was gonna kill us. Now, Mack and I, we’re gonna go find Tess, and we’re gonna get you on a Trawler, okay?
Elena: Go.
Coulson: Kid should be playing ball or running for student council.
Mack: Or class treasurer.
Coulson: That’s pretty specific.
Mack: Ah, served three terms. I’m a pretty financially responsible dude.
Coulson: Tess. They killed her because she wouldn’t give up Flint.
Mack: She’s already dead. The only thing we can do now is try to keep Flint from meeting that same end. Come on.
Kasius: Now, one of the galaxy’s deadliest forces. Yet tonight, she fights for your enjoyment. Dear friends, may I present to you, Quake, the Destroyer of Worlds.
Faulnak: This puny girl is your Destroyer?
Kasius: Your rush to judgment has always been a shortcoming, brother. Allow me to switch off the Destroyer’s Inhibitor. Then you shall see her true nature. Of course, before I unleash her, we must take precaution. Would you care to give the opening commencement?
Faulnak: Seems your stray is done taking orders.
Daisy: All right, you freaky blue bitch. Let’s do this.
Daisy: This is for Ben.
Kasius: Guards! Guards, stop them.
Fitz: I’m never leaving you again.
Simmons: Then marry me, Fitz.
Fitz: Absolutely.
Simmons: Okay, come on.
Fitz: Also, um, just to say, I did propose earlier when Kasius had your hearing turned off.
Simmons: Oh, of course you did.
Fitz: No, I… Seriously, I did.
Enoch: Hello, friend.
Kree: Who are you?
Enoch: I am a Kree. As I have always been, brother.
Kree: Do you know where you’re going? People don’t come back from there.
Enoch: I am not a person.

S5E7:
Simmons: Find me some clothes.
Daisy: What’s the plan, Fitz?
Fitz: Uh, I have a ship. We get there, then comes the plan.
Fitz: Hey, how’s your head?
Daisy: I’ll tell you when the ringing stops. By the way, “fight to the death?” Really?
Fitz: Yeah, well, I had to make a splashy entrance.
Daisy: Yeah, well, you could have jumped in the octagon yourself, then.
Fitz: Well, wouldn’t be fair. I do push-ups now. Double digits. So…
Simmons: You have no idea how good it is to see you. You’re here with a spaceship. Seems impossible.
Fitz: Nothing is impossible anymore.
Simmons: Full story later.
Fitz: Yeah, there will be pints.
Simmons: There will be gin. Oh! Oh, my God!
Fitz: Whoa.
Daisy: Her implant. They must be messing with it.
Fitz: Well, what… what… what do we do?
Daisy: Get it out.
Fitz: Okay. Hey, hey, hey. Jemma. Jemma. This is gonna hurt. I’ve got it. I’ve got it.
Simmons: Aah! Aaaah!
Daisy: We got to go! Come on.
Fitz: There’s the ship. Just got to get past…
Daisy: Don’t tell me that was…
Fitz: Our way out.
Kasius: Is it noticeable?
Faulnak: It should be. Scars are badges of honor for the victor. But as expected, your priorities are misplaced. What news of the Destroyer?
Kasius: She has no power, no ship, and nowhere to run. Have patience, dear brother.
Faulnak: Patience is a feeble cover for inaction. Double the guard. Have them sweep floor by floor…
Kasius: While your expertise is appreciated, I have the matter under control. There’s a system in place, and it has served me well. Sinara will end this inconvenience. As you saw by her display in the Crater, she is the most capable warrior in my employ.
Faulnak: Your best has proven inadequate. You remember my man, Maston-Dar, here. He’ll make quick work of this.
Maston-Dar: A Terran weapon.
Faulnak: Of course. Bring any human weaponry you possess. Maston finds it unfair hunting primitives with anything but their own primitive armaments. Show them how we spill blood. And, uh, find the girl in the process.
Vicar: This is the price of hiding Inhumans. Continue to keep your mouths shut, and you’ll end up dead, too.
Coulson: This is bigger than a renewal. It’s a direct threat.
Mack: These people will give us up in a heartbeat if it’ll save their own lives.
Coulson: These Kree may be cruel, but they’re not stupid. It’s only a matter of time till this trail of bodies leads them right to us. It’s time for us to make a move.
Kasius: Finally. There’s work to be done. Faulnak loves to play general. Let him. I need him to be satiated. He’s the gatekeeper to my father, to our freedom.
Sinara: “Our?”
Kasius: Don’t be dramatic.
Sinara: He gives the orders now, no?
Kasius: I see. You’re resentful because I allowed him to throw you in the Crater. Well, look at you, no worse for wear. You held your own against the Destroyer of Worlds, as I knew you would. Your strength has never let me down. And now I ask for you to lend it to me once again. We’re so close, Sinara, to freedom from this place. Restored to glory together.
Sinara: You’re begging. It’s repulsive.
Kasius: I’m imploring you to think. To use reason. I must appease my brother, and I cannot allow him to steal my reward. I will keep him entertained. We’ll let his man chase her tail while you figure out what’s in her head. Where will she go?
Daisy: So, the last time I saw Yo-Yo and the others, they were at a salvage yard on one of the upper floors.
Fitz: How you feeling, Jemma?
Simmons: Oh, somewhere between motion-sick and… Ohh! That’s not helping.
Daisy: Damn it. Wait. Fitz, give me a boost.
Simmons: I’m just happy not to be standing still. Feels good to be on the run.
Fitz: Together.
Enoch: Hello! That is the third Vrellnexian I have eliminated in pursuit of you! Not to toot my own horn, as you would say.
May: I would never say that. Who the hell are you?
Enoch: My name is Enoch. Fitz sent me.
May: Fitz? How were you not eaten by those things?
Enoch: They have no interest in me, as I have no tender insides for them to extract.
May: I thought Fitz was done building robots.
Enoch: I am not a robot. I am a sentient Chronicom from the constellation you know as Cygnus. I am here to aid you, you who will save humanity, Melinda May, Jemma Simmons, Phillip J. Coulson.
May: Say that name again?
Enoch: Phillip J. Coulson.
May: You’re the son of a bitch from that diner who got us into this whole mess! You… Aah!
Enoch: I am here to get you out of this whole mess. It would appear I got here just in time.
May: I’m managing.
Enoch: Have you properly diagnosed the extent of your injuries?
May: Bilateral tear of the quadricep.
Enoch: By all accounts, you should not be standing. Are you a doctor?
May: No. I’m a fighter.
Enoch: Still? It may be time for a career change. There’s a gravity storm approaching.
May: They’re moving away. Are they afraid of gravity storms or you?
Enoch: The Vrellnexians ride the gravity storms, but I don’t think it’s me. I think they’re afraid of something else.
May: Aah! Aah! Aah! No! No!
Maston-Dar: Halt.
Man: Aah. Aah!
Maston-Dar: The Destroyer, where is she?
Man: I-I don’t know. I haven’t… 
Woman: No!
Maston-Dar: Try again. The Destroyer, where is she?
Coulson: They’re killing people, innocent people.
Flint: In their hunt for me.
Mack: We’re not gonna let anything happen to you.
Elena: That’s right. We need to make a move on those blue bloods.
Coulson: Not with Daisy and Simmons still captive. We need to get out of the Lighthouse.
Flint: Tess…
Elena: So instead of rescue them, we abandon them?
Coulson: We don’t have a choice right now. They would do the same thing.
Mack: I agree. We regroup and come back for them more prepared.
Flint: Where’s Tess?
Elena: Where can we even go? Not a lot of hiding places in space.
Coulson: To the point at the end of this giant question mark, the surface.
Flint: Where is Tess?! Did something happen? Is she…?
Mack: I’m sorry.
Mack: It’s okay. I got this.
Kasius: You were always more interested in the power behind a weapon. The ability to kill.
Faulnak: The craftsmanship was what caught my eye. Once again, misplaced priorities.
Kasius: These particular tools from Earth seem a nice cross-section of our areas of interest.
Faulnak: Firearms are fine for those who need the safety of distance. I prefer a blade. Feel the warm blood on my hands as the life drains from my adversary’s body.
Kasius: Spoken like a true child of our father.
Faulnak: Maybe if you’d bothered to sound more like him, you would be less of a disgrace!
Kasius: A disgrace, who, with no prior training, was placed in charge of his own fleet. A disgrace who fought as you did against our enemies.
Faulnak: You lost a strategic outpost and thousands of warriors’ lives in the process.
Kasius: I was put in an impossible situation.
Faulnak: Excuses.
Kasius: I was cornered, outmanned, and overrun. Two of my trusted generals dead at my feet, enemies closing in.
Faulnak: And so you ran.
Kasius: What option did I have?
Faulnak: Glory! Drink the Odium. Fight and die like any of the Kasius family name would have rather than fleeing with your low-born subordinate. I wondered, is it her beauty that you admire or her ability to kill?
Kasius: Sinara defended me. She cut down my would-be attackers…
Faulnak: And you were both exiled for abandoning your posts!
Kasius: She saved my life! She’s been by my side ever since. You call me weak. My strength comes from surrounding myself with loyalty.
Faulnak: More platitudes. The only thing that runs deeper than the river of blood from your fallen soldiers is the shame you bring on our family. You’re like this planet, brother, once full of promise and father’s hopes to be molded into something magnificent. And now, just a broken speck of dust confined to the darkest edge of the galaxy. I’m eager for my man to find the Destroyer, so I can take leave of both.
Daisy: Aah. These pipes are hot. Wonder if that means this is the spa floor.
Simmons: Ah, a spa sounds great. I’d kill for a hot shower and a comfy bed. This one’s cold.
Daisy: There’s a lot of power running into here.
Fitz: Tracking signs of airborne contaminants, mold, harmful chemicals, carbon monoxide.
Simmons: An air-filtration system.
Fitz: This must be the hub for life-support systems.
Simmons: Well, of course there’d be one. This station is essentially a giant vivarium for humans.
Fitz: Well, I think I know how they’re creating the artificial gravity for the station.
Simmons: That can’t be.
Daisy: What is it?
Simmons: Unless I’m mistaken, and I hope I am, that’s…
Fitz: Gravitonium.
Simmons: Fitz!
Maston-Dar: Submit willingly or entertain me. These are your options.
Daisy: Get back!
Simmons: Okay. Okay. Sit down. Okay. Careful.
Deke: Good thing I’m wearing a helmet.
Daisy: You. You come to collect the bounty?
Deke: No, I came to save your ass.
Daisy: I should kill you right now.
Fitz: Who the hell is this guy?
Daisy: He works for Kasius.
Deke: I don’t work for… I mean, sometimes I do, technically, but right now, I’m Team S.H.I.E.L.D., all right?
Daisy: Well, it’s convenient, you showing up right now.
Deke: Convenient? No, it’s mind-blowing I managed to escape my room after Coulson welded the door shut. I had to crack a window. A lot of my personal valuables are now floating around space, thanks very much, everybody.
Daisy: What? This story’s supposed to make me feel better, that Coulson locked you up?
Deke: We were working out our differences, all right? I don’t have time to get into this.
Fitz: Can we discuss this after we’re out of the line of fire?
Deke: Yes, thank you, this guy. Now please follow me. We go up the service shafts. It’ll lead us right onto the trawler.
Daisy: No, no, no, no. This is the guy that sold me to Kasius.
Simmons: Oh. Kill him. He’s a snake.
Fitz: I’m gonna cut his throat open. Aah.
Deke: I’m a pragmatist, all right? Just lis… just listen. I told you that I would lead you to your friend. There she is. And I stopped you from doing something drastic that would have gotten people killed in the process. Thought you don’t look great.
Fitz: Thank you.
Simmons: And now you just happen to stumble upon us?
Deke: All the channels are buzzing with the news of your escape. I just had to follow the dead bodies. It led me right to you. We are out of time!
Daisy: How do we know you’re not gonna lead us into another trap?
Deke: You don’t.
Mack: Hey. Look, I know Tess…
Flint: You didn’t know Tess.
Mack: You’re right.
Flint: You don’t know nothing about me, either.
Mack: Well, you’re not the first person to tell me that. I’m not here to tell you anything you don’t already know. I’m just… Well, I’m just here. If you need me.
Flint: It’s not fair.
Mack: Yeah. Well, it never is. I lost people, too, it doesn’t ever get easier.
Flint: Thought you weren’t gonna tell me something I didn’t already know. Maybe I should just turn myself in, stop more people from dying.
Mack: No. You have a gift now. You can help people, protect them.
Flint: “Protect them.” I couldn’t protect Tess. Couldn’t protect my parents. What happens if I can’t protect you, either?
Mack: Stay put. I got you.
Daisy: I thought they’d be here.
Coulson: Daisy? How did you escape?
Daisy: Clumsily. Hey.
Coulson: Fitz!
Mack: Turbo! Man, it’s good to see you! How the hell you get in the future?
Fitz: Uh, the long way.
Simmons: He needs medical attention. Story time can wait.
Mack: Well, not when those stories include time travel. This guy? The hell you doing here? And how’d you get out of your cage?
Deke: Well, I let myself out, but thanks very much for your concern.
Elena: Well, the gang’s all here except May.
Coulson: Except May. She was taken to the surface?
Fitz: Yeah.
Coulson: That’s a good thing.
Daisy: Is it?
Simmons: We need alcohol for his wound.
Mack: I’ll see if Flint can find something. Get out of here. Flint, can… Oh, no.
Vicar: You. You know the whereabouts of the escaped Inhuman?
Flint: Yeah. I do. Too many people have died. Good people.
Vicar: You were offered the highest honor a human could hope for, to join Kasius below and see others rewarded in kind. Now they’ll get nothing. But good you turned yourself in.
Flint: I won’t let any more innocent lives be lost. Not for me.
Vicar: Unh!
Flint: That was for Tess.
Kree: I’ll alert command.
Sinara: No.
Kree: But he’s an Inhuman.
Sinara: He’s bait.
Daisy: What are his powers again?
Mack: He can move rocks with his mind.
Daisy: How is he in a fight?
Coulson: Undisciplined, but I’m guessing not incompetent.
Mack: He’s in over his head on this one, though. We all might be, but it never stopped us before.
Coulson: They don’t know I have this.
Daisy: Don’t hurt the kid. I’m the one you want.
Sinara: On your knees.
Daisy: Just take me. Let him go.
Sinara: I’ll take you both.
Daisy: Rocks, huh? That’s cool. Come on.
Mack: Let’s go, let’s go!
Maston-Dar: Scrappy. Let’s put an end to this.
Daisy: Are you okay?
Flint: Yeah.
Mack: Everyone here?
Coulson: Yeah. We’re all accounted for.
Fitz: Well, most of me, anyway.
Daisy: Mr. and Mrs. Boba Fett will be here any minute.
Simmons: So, what do we do now?
Coulson: We escape via the trawler.
Deke: Escape to where?
Coulson: The surface. All signs have been pointing us there. The Kree won’t follow us there, and you don’t have to follow us there, either.
Deke: Hey, man, I already told you that I’m in, to go out with you.
Elena: No one’s getting out of here if they catch us first.
Flint: Less arguing, more figuring out what the hell we’re gonna do.
Coulson: That ought to by us some time. Or not.
Mack: I thought I told you not to go out there.
Flint: You told me to use my powers to protect people.
Mack: This isn’t your problem to fix.
Flint: It is my problem! They’re after me!
Daisy: And me.
Simmons: And me.
Elena: I don’t think they’re gonna be picky about who they kill.
Daisy: Well, we can’t leave with this place surrounded.
Coulson: Come on. A room full of secret agents, scientists, and superheroes. Someone give me something.
Elena: We stand our ground and fight.
Fitz: Yeah, with what? Rocks and rubbish?
Flint: I can fight with rocks.
Elena: How else do you propose to get out of here?
Deke: We don’t go out. We go up.
Coulson: There’s no elevators here.
Deke: Then we make our own elevator with this.
Fitz: A belt buckle?
Simmons: It’s an anti-gravity device.
Deke: This chute leads directly to the drop bay under the trawler. We can get to the airlock from there.
Simmons: We use the device to create a gravity well.
Mack: Will it work?
Deke: Yeah, it’ll work.
Coulson: It’s our best option at this point.
Deke: I’ll go first. I’ll show you how it works. And then I’ll drop the puck down, the next person can come up.
Daisy, Coulson, Fitz, Simmons, May, Mack, Elena: No. No, no, no.
Daisy: Not a chance. I’m not gonna let you use us as bait while you make your grand escape. Fitz-Simmons, you’re up. You’re last.
Sinara: You’re slow.
Fitz: Once more unto the breach.
Simmons: Allons-y.
Coulson: All right, Yo-Yo, you’re up next. Let’s keep it moving.
Maston-Dar: Stand back. I’ll handle them.
Deke: I’m the last one. You satisfied?
Simmons: You sure they can’t follow us?
Deke: No, they can definitely follow us. It’s gonna take them a while.
Coulson: All right. So you ready to take this thing out?
Deke: What, me? I’m not a pilot.
Daisy: What? You don’t know how to fly this thing?
Deke: Never said I did.
Coulson: Okay. What about you, Flint? Wasn’t Virgil giving you flying lessons?
Flint: Well, yeah. And I’m not bad, but, uh… I’m not leaving with you guys.
Mack: What do you mean you’re not leaving with us? You have to. This whole station will kill you on sight.
Flint: Look, you told me to use my powers to protect people, right? They’re in this mess because of me. I can’t just abandon them. I’m gonna figure out a way to get them out of it.
Mack: Okay. Well, I guess we’re gonna have to come up with a plan, then, don’t we?
Flint: “We?”
Mack: Yeah, we. Remember what I told you? I’m here if you need me. I got you.
Elena: Me too.
Coulson: Wait. Mack. what about never splitting up?
Mack: Yeah, I know, sir, but I’m not leaving him behind. Look. We’ll handle things here. You get to the surface and figure out what the hell all this is about.
Coulson: Be safe.
Mack: I’ll see you soon.
Fitz: Oh. Wait. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Okay, if you guys really are gonna go fight a bunch of alien warriors, then you might be interested to know that, in the past, I hid a crate of S.H.I.E.L.D. tech in a wall on the base.
Mack: Oh, that’s what I’m talking about. Thanks, Turbo.
Elena: Where?
Fitz: Level three.
Mack: You got to be kidding me.
Elena: You mean the level infested with aliens that suck your blood?
Fitz: Well, how was I su… I feel like I’m not getting enough credit here. I have traveled through time and space to find you. I think we’re moving past that bit a little bit too quickly.
Mack: Turbo, Turbo, Turbo. We wouldn’t expect anything less. Thank you.
Fitz: Good luck.
Coulson: So, taking off is easy enough, docking is the hard part, and landing, that’s impossible on account of these ships weren’t built with landing gear.
Daisy: So, you have no idea what you’re doing.
Coulson: I got a flying car. How different can it be? Hold on.
Faulnak: How troublesome it is searching for rats in a sewer. So many places to scurry away and hide.
Kasius: Sinara. What news do you bring?
Faulnak: Out with it, girl.
Sinara: They have escaped.
Kasius: Escaped?
Faulnak: To where?
Sinara: Friends. On the surface.
Kasius: Impossible.
Faulnak: So, the Destroyer of Worlds has escaped, willingly makes for your land of exile, where apparently, others have survived. Your incompetence is almost admirably astounding.
Kasius: There must be some…
Faulnak: Ready a ship for Maston-Dar. If humans can survive the perils of this planet, it will be just fine for him to pursue.
Sinara: Maston is dead.
Faulnak: By whose hand?
Sinara: My own.
Faulnak: Sinara. Holding your own against the Destroyer of Worlds, felling my own best warrior. It seems I underestimated you and your desire to climb higher in the ranks, within which I now have an opening. My brother confines you to his dungeon, denying you the right to shine. On my side, you will shine more radiant than the stars we will conquer. A warrior such as yourself deserves a leader worthy of your talents. I will show you things Kasius could never.
Kasius: Sinara is not some object to be taken. The truth, brother? We both know father sent me on a suicide mission. Two of my generals were dead at my feet, yes, because Sinara killed them. They were preventing me from fleeing the battlefield. You see, Sinara said, and I agree, that the battlefield is not my place. I’m not built for it. With the bloodshed left to her, I can focus on greater things, and have. I wasted so much time on my knees, seeking your approval. No more.
Faulnak: You play god over a dead rock. But you’re just a coward who hides, then stabs his enemies in the back.
Kasius: And in the front. A life spent. A life earned. Think how warmly father will greet us when we avenge my brother’s death and bring him the Destroyer of Worlds. Everything we’ve ever wanted will soon come to bear.
Fitz: I’m never leaving your side again.
Simmons: Yeah, I feel the same way. That’s why I asked you to marry me.
Fitz: I a… Mm. Doesn’t matter.
Simmons: I don’t know about you, but I could really use a drink right about now.
Fitz: I’m just happy for some alone time.
Coulson: Okay! So not exactly like a flying car!
Deke: We are so stupid!
Daisy: So much for smooth sailing.
Coulson: Hang on!
Enoch: Welcome back, Agent May. You hit your head quite hard.
May: Where are we? The Zephyr. How? What is going on?
Enoch: They grabbed us just in time. Anchored us against the gravity storm.
May: Who?
Robin: I have waited such a long time to see you again.

S5E8:
Simmons: Three more cities just went dark. It’s spreading too fast.
May: The Lighthouse is still 200 miles out!
Agent: Hey! You’re not supposed to be here. Where the hell is this girl’s mother?
Simmons: Polly didn’t make it this far.
May: Robin, go back downstairs with the others. It’s not safe up here.
Robin: It’s okay. We survive the crash.
May: What cra…
Simmons: There’s a gravity storm heading right for us!
May: Sit down! Buckle up!
Robin: There’s something else I need…
Robin: … to remember. Sorry. W-What did you ask?
May: How are you even here?
Robin: I told you we’d survive the crash.
May: The crash? I’m not sure I know what you’re…
Voss: Don’t be put out if you can’t follow Robin’s train of thought. It’s like her life is a deck of cards shuffled out of order. She’s a seer, all right, but nowadays, she can’t separate past, present, and future. Samuel Voss. My apologies for the rough rescue, but you got to act fast when gravity storms start kicking up.
May: You’re going back out?
Voss: Yeah, my crew’s gonna go out and collect your friends.
May: Wait. They made it to the surface? How do you know?
Voss: She told me. A decade ago. Sounds like them now. Don’t worry. Robin told me they survive this crash, too.
Coulson: Love what they’ve done with the place.
May: Looks like, uh, you had a rough landing.
Coulson: Yeah, can’t recommend the airline. Inexperienced pilot, lot of turbulence, ran out of pretzels in coach.
Daisy: May.
May: Daisy.
Daisy: Oh, my God.
May: Daisy.
Daisy: Oh, it’s good to see you. What? It’s crazy the Zephyr ended up on the last remaining chunk of Earth.
May: Yeah. Must’ve been en route to the Lighthouse before it crashed.
Coulson: Wonder if that means some of us survived the end of the world?
Daisy: I doubt I made it.
Coulson: Ooh.
May: Medical, same place.
Daisy: Okay. It’s good to see you.
Coulson: Glad we finally found some allies. You get any answers about who they are, why they brought us here?
May: Just more questions. I have a lot to catch you up on.
Deke: No, you don’t understand. Not just dead. As far as everyone in the Lighthouse was concerned, everybody that came up here was torn to scraps. But they’re all still alive and living in an actual airplane.
Simmons: Fitz, your design really withstood the test of time.
Deke: Woah, you designed this? Damn. Can’t imagine what it must’ve been like to fly.
Fitz: Technically, I’m the engineer, I’m not the pilot.
Deke: Oh. Yeah, well, that’s still cool, I guess.
Voss: Holy hell. Is that Deke Shaw? Ha! I’ll be damned! Thought I was looking at your old man 20 years ago! Welcome.
Deke: Oh, my God, Voss. I should’ve known that even the roaches wouldn’t touch you.
Voss: Ha! Never thought I’d see you tagging along with these folks.
Deke: It’s a long story.
Voss: Well, let’s hear all about it, huh? You can tell me whether these guys are the real deal or not. I’m surprised you’re the only one of ours to make the trip. And Virgil?
Deke: The Roaches got him. I’m sorry. I’ve been playing catch-up ever since. I feel like he could’ve told me that he was exchanging messages with my dead dad.
Voss: We didn’t know who to trust.
Deke: Clearly. So, where is he?
Voss: Your dad was transmitting from a radio tower a few days out. He’s on his way back now, but he is gonna be so happy to see you.
Deke: Is he?
Voss: Oh, come on.
Deke: Just, the way we left things, it wasn’t really…
Voss: No, no, no, no, listen. He never held any of that against you, all right? If anything is to blame, it’s the Lighthouse. That place did a number on all of us.
Kasius: Are there any signs of life on the downed trawler? There must be some indication. If they fled to the surface, they may have the means to survive there. The Destroyer of Worlds has proven quite resourceful. You want to go after her? If she’s alive, reclaim our property. If not, at least we’ll have a trophy. All resources are at your disposal. While you’re away, I’ll focus on the human traitors who aided the escape. We’ve been far too lenient with those who serve us. Hmm. It’s clear they require a firmer hand. Their disobedience must be punished.
Sinara: A renewal?
Kasius: No. Retribution. This ends today.
Elena: Well, it’s not that someone forgot to pay the electric bill.
Flint: The Kreepers are playing games again.
Mack: It feels more like an endgame. We need to move quickly, get to level 3, where Fitz hid those weapons.
Elena: Had to leave them on the level with the giant space bugs, huh? Have you seen those things?
Flint: Nope. Still don’t want to. The service tunnel’s up ahead. It’s our way up.
Gretchen: Hey, Flint. This is your fault, so you know!
Elena: Hey, he didn’t ask for any of this.
Gretchen: They already cut the water. Now the lights? They’re punishing us for what you did.
Man: You should be down with the other Inhumans, where you belong!
Gretchen: Turn yourself in!
Man: You can’t be here!
Mack: Hey! You don’t want to go down this road.
Coulson: It all makes sense. Robin is the reason we’re here. She’s the connection between the two points in time. This is our answer.
May: The problem is, for her, those two times are indistinguishable.
Fitz: Well, the decades haven’t made her any easier to understand.
Simmons: It’s like she’s still a little girl. Best not to crowd her.
Fitz: Yeah.
Coulson: Hello, Robin. We’ve had quite a journey to get to you. I was hoping you might tell us why you brought us here. What are we supposed to do?
Robin: I already told my mother.
Coulson: Told her what?
Robin: Everything.
May: She’s been in and out since I got here. I asked her why we were taken from the diner.
Coulson: And?
May: She said it was the last time we were all seen together.
Coulson: That doesn’t bode well.
Robin: Phillip J. Coulson. He can bring all the pieces together.
Coulson: Pieces of what?
Robin: This is the day it all ends.
Daisy: So, the lady who sees the future says that there isn’t one. Super.
Coulson: Unfortunately, Robin’s not much for specifics. Anyone who has the answers is either unreliable, dead, or wants us dead.
May: So, status quo.
Daisy: Yep. The homicidal blue bastards are the most pressing issue. We made a pretty big splash when we broke out of the Lighthouse.
Coulson: Hope Mack and Yo-Yo are holding their own. We’re gonna come to blows with Kasius soon. Only question is, who strikes first? Be nice to have Quake back with us when that happens.
Daisy: Won’t be quaking anything with this thing on.
Coulson: Have Fitz and Simmons take a look. We’ll keep working with Robin, see what else shakes loose.
Daisy: Copy. I thought that I had a lot to process. This must be blowing your mind.
Deke: Yeah, a little. When you’re a kid, you… you learn fast not to cross the Kreepers because they’ll send you to the surface, and up there, you die. But, hey, turns out that everything’s a lie and people can survive up here, and even that batty old lady made it.
Daisy: The one who sees through time? Probably should’ve mentioned that.
Deke: Yeah, well, I thought she was crazy, all right? And as I mentioned, dead. Back in the Lighthouse, Virgil used to bring her tea every day and listen to her stories. That is, until Kasius sent her and my dad topside.
Daisy: Must have been sad to lose him. I’m sorry.
Deke: No, I was too bitter to be sad. As far as I was concerned, his looney theories got my mom killed. So he gets himself sent to the surface, good riddance. Then you guys actually show up.
Daisy: Sucks when your parents get to say, “I told you so.”
Deke: Yeah, he can say it. I just hope he says that he forgives me.
Daisy: Yeah, well, from my experience, he probably wants the same thing.
Deke: Experience?
Daisy: I didn’t meet my dad until I was in my 20s, and all he really wanted to do was make up for lost time.
Deke: How’d that work out?
Daisy: Bit of a rocky start, but we… we got there.
Elena: It’s clear, for now.
Mack: Let’s go. It’s not much further.
Flint: You sure?
Mack: We made it off this floor alive before. We’ll do it again.
Flint: And then what? Back to level 10, where my friends want to kill me? At least the roaches would be quick.
Elena: Some of my friends never saw me the same after I became an Inhuman, but I did nothing wrong and neither did you.
Mack: Hey!
Flint: That’s the stuff the Blues use to keep the Vrellnexians away.
Elena: What is he doing on this floor?
Mack: I have no idea. But I’ll feel a lot safer with a real weapon in my hand.
Simmons: It feels good, being back on the Zephyr.
Fitz: Just wish it were in the right time.
Simmons: Yeah, well, I’d rather be here than in that silent alien slave bunker.
Fitz: Point taken.
Simmons: Can you believe all these things survived the apocalypse? Well, that looks like an isochronus cyclotron, but…
Fitz: But with resonant superconducting coils. That’s strange.
Simmons: What do you think it does?
Voss: It opened the portal that brought you here. Take that top box right there.
Fitz: Who built that, and how does it work?
Simmons: That thing controls the monolith? Are you sure?
Voss: Whoa, whoa. Deke warned me that you scientists would be full of questions.
Fitz: Yes, and we are also partial to answers.
Voss: Owen put it together. Deke’s old man. Tried to explain it to me a dozen times, but I don’t think he can even get his own head around it.
Simmons: What, he didn’t design it?
Voss: No. Built it from some old schematics. That damn thing drew a year’s battery reserves when he fired it up. Didn’t think it did anything, but sure enough, here you are. Heroes from the past. Oh, hey. Suppose I should say welcome home, huh?
Fitz: Maybe Deke’s father will have some more information we can use. But until then, we are on our own.
Simmons: I guess we are.
Coulson: What about Mack and Yo-Yo? Are they in danger? Is Kasius gonna attack? You think Fitz’s new friend could help?
May: Enoch. You spent some time with Robin when she was a little girl. How did you get her to open up?
Enoch: For the most part, she talked only to her mother, although she would occasionally speak to me if I spent several days by her side. Patience is a Chronicom’s greatest tool.
Coulson: And for those of us with a limited life span?
Enoch: I apologize I cannot be of more help. Robin’s gift is powerful, but it cannot be forced. Sometimes all one can do is wait.
Coulson: That’s not always an option. If we can’t get Robin to talk, we have to shift gears. Our people in the Lighthouse need backup.
May: Sure. But Daisy’s still powerless. And I’m not winning any fights with this hole in my leg.
Coulson: I don’t know. You look pretty spry for someone who was born over a hundred years ago. Hey, we always make it through somehow. And if not…
May: I’m not willing to lose anyone.
Coulson: That’s not all on you.
May: Then what is? If I can’t protect the team, what? I’m not a scientist, and I can’t fly a dead aircraft.
Coulson: You’re the one I trust to always have my back… Robin, I’m sorry. We need more than a drawing. We need help.
May: What are you trying to tell us?
May: The population is barely holding on. And the water filtration system?
Fitz: Could go at any minute, just like the solar-power arrays.
Simmons: And if we lose supplemental power, we lose climate control, kicking off a series of cascading failures. We’re hanging by a thread.
May: Then we hang on for as long as we can, try to minimize the damage. But Robin said there’s another way.
Fitz: Oh, not the girl’s bloody time machine again. It’s impossible. You cannot change time. It’s fixed.
May: What if it’s not? She’s been right about everything else, and for us to even have a chance, you and Simmons have to design the machine.
Fitz: Okay. So, we spend decades on the schematics. What happens when we don’t finish the job?
Simmons: Then we trust that someone else will carry on after us.
May: We have to give ourselves the chance.
Robin: This is to remind you.
May: Not today, Robin.
Robin: You gave them everything you could.
Mack: Hello, gorgeous.
Flint: I don’t get it. Doesn’t the axe make it harder to shoot?
Mack: It makes it easier to chop heads off.
Elena: I scouted the whole floor. I didn’t see a single Virlnex… Verel… Verlo… I’m not even trying. The Roaches are gone.
Flint: Wait. Isn’t that a good thing?
Mack: No. ‘Cause it means the Blue Man Group sent them somewhere else.
Flint: Oh, no. The elevator, they released them downstairs.
Coulson: You’re like a post-apocalyptic Eagle Scout.
Voss: Not sure what that means, but I like it.
May: This must have taken you years to salvage.
Voss: I’ve been wanting to take on the Blues my entire life, so if you’re here to help, you just might be the saviors of humanity after all. That is, if you’re up to the challenge.
May: Same goes for you and your team. Coulson.
Coulson: Last time I saw this, it sent us to the future. How’d you get a piece of the monolith?
Voss: We’ve held on to that for a long time. Became something of a symbol for everyone who believed in the prophecy.
Coulson: It’s more than a symbol. If we find more of these, could give us a shot at going back home.
May: Maybe Robin can tell us where the rest are.
Voss: Uh, yeah, I-I don’t want to retch in anyone’s rations, but that’s actually the only piece we’ve ever seen.
Coulson: The others are out there somewhere.
Voss: Sure, but don’t you think that we should focus on something more achievable, like storming the Lighthouse, showing Kasius the outside of an airlock, maybe?
Coulson: Absolutely. But Fitz and Simmons need to see this.
Fitz: That’s not a happy face, Jemma.
Simmons: Well, the inhibitor’s embedded itself in the greater auricular nerve.
Daisy: Okay.
Simmons: Removing it requires sophisticated tools and a trained neurosurgeon, neither of which we have. Even if we did, the slightest error could paralyze you from the neck down.
Daisy: Okay. So we leave it alone, then.
Coulson: We found a literal piece of the puzzle.
Simmons: The monolith, it’s been fractured.
Deke: Where’d you find that?
May: Voss had it in his locker.
Coulson: The survivors who believed in the prophecy held on to it for years.
Fitz: Here.
Daisy: What are we looking at?
Fitz: The shard fits into the machine right here.
Simmons: Maybe that’s how it was able to target the monolith across time. This could be our way home.
Fitz: Yeah, but the shard alone isn’t enough. We need the whole monolith.
Coulson: It’d be great if Robin could help us fill in the blanks here. Daisy, you knew her first. Maybe you can get through to her.
Daisy: I can try.
May: If she helps us get home, maybe none of this ever happens.
Mack: That fog could’ve driven every roach in the bunker down here.
Flint: Hurry!
Gretchen: Aaah! Aaah!
Flint: Hey! Over here, you ugly bastard!
Flint: Shotgun axe. I get it now.
Elena: Are you okay?
Gretchen: The Roaches, they’re everywhere. I don’t know how many.
Elena: We need to take people to safety, then clear the floor, room by room.
Mack: That’ll take too long, even for you. I got another idea. Can you grab something from upstairs, fast?
Elena: You got it, Turtle Man.
Mack: Okay. For this to work, we need access to the air-filtration system.
Flint: I can take you there. But what are we gonna do?
Mack: We’re gonna take back this floor.
Robin: Flint. Flint. Flint.
May: Don’t fall behind. Come on.
Elena: Get out of my way!
May: Yo-Yo, what are you doing?
Elena: Something I should’ve done a long time ago.
May: You can’t. Working with them is our only option. We need their power generators, their water-filtration sys…
Elena: Who cares what they’re offering? It’s not worth our freedom. We both know they want to enslave us.
May: Think about what Robin predicted, what will happen if you fight…
Elena: She also predicted that we would save the world, and look at us now.
May: We need you with us.
Robin: Flint. Flint.
Elena: Who is this “us?” We change our name, we whisper in the shadows. Whatever happened to S.H.I.E.L.D., huh?
May: We’re doing the best we can.
Robin: Flint. Flint would understand.
Elena: There is no Flint! Seriously, she needs to stop talking about people who won’t be born for 50 years.
May: Robin, now is not the time.
Robin: No. No one listens to me. Mack will help Flint…
Elena: Mack is gone! And he’s never coming back.
May: Please, have faith.
Elena: I’m sorry, Melinda, but I stopped believing a long time ago.
Voss: Hey.
Deke: What are they doing with the shard?
Voss: Who, Coulson and May? Hell if I know, but if you ask me, they got their priorities way out of whack.
Deke: No, that’s not what I mean. That belonged to my mom. Why doesn’t my dad have it with him? After my mom died, he always kept it close. He wouldn’t have left it behind.
Voss: Don’t overthink it, kid. It’s pretty dangerous out there in the wastelands. He probably just left it here for safekeeping.
Deke: No. Before the Blues exiled him, I begged him for that stupid rock so I’d have something to remember her by, and he said that he couldn’t trust me with it.
Voss: You need to calm down.
Deke: No, you need to stop lying to me. He wouldn’t leave it in your locker. So what the hell did you do to my father?
Voss: Hyah!
Flint: That box controls the entire floor. But the Blues shut the power off.
Mack: Not a problem. Fitz knows how to pack for any occasion. Come on. Beautiful. And Yo-Yo got us plenty of these.
Flint: You know that gas won’t be enough to kill the Roaches, right?
Mack: Yeah, but it should be enough to drive them into one room.
Flint: Okay. Then what do we do?
Mack: We don’t do anything.
Flint: Whoa.
Mack: Dial it back a notch, Pebbles.
Robin: Thank you, Daisy.
Daisy: Your dad would be glad you still have that. I, um, I promised him that I would protect you. And I’m sorry that I couldn’t do more. Life in the Lighthouse and then up here, it… it couldn’t have been easy.
Robin: My mother always kept me safe. There was something I was supposed to tell her.
Daisy: Could you tell me? You tried to warn Coulson about something. Was it about the piece of the monolith? Robin, do… do you know where we can find the rest?
Robin: Time, it’s… it’s… it’s running out.
Daisy: Running out for what? What are we supposed to do? What should…
Voss: I’ve had my fair share of those conversations. She has important things to say, just doesn’t always say them at the right time.
Daisy: I’m trying to be patient with her, but it’s hard when the last thing she predicted was our imminent doom.
Voss: Let her rest. I might have something that’ll give you the answers you’re looking for.
Simmons: That’s interesting. This bit here, laser vibrometer. So, it… it measures the resonant frequencies of the monolith piece…
Fitz: And locks onto the frequencies in the monolith through space-time. Yes, you were right. I’ll fill in the others. Jemma, did you lock the door?
Simmons: No.
Fitz: Coulson?! Coulson?!
May: What’s going on?
Fitz: Coulson?!
Man: If you don’t put up a fight, you don’t have to die.
Fitz: Coulson, we’re stuck in here.
Voss: Must be strange for you to see the world like this after what happened.
Daisy: Look, I know everyone thinks I’m this Destroyer of Worlds, but I’m not that powerful. I couldn’t break a planet apart even if I wanted to.
Voss: But somehow, it happened.
Daisy: Yeah, well, maybe the history books got it wrong.
Voss: Yeah. I’m sorry to say, but they didn’t. We found this on the hard drive on the Zephyr. That was the last time anyone saw Daisy Johnson alive.
Daisy: And then?
Voss: Well, by all accounts, the city had been evacuated. No one there. After Quake walked in, 12.8 on the Richter scale, and the world cracked like an egg.
Daisy: How could I…
Voss: That’s the question. But when you look at this moment and all the suffering that took place after, you can’t help but wonder if it could’ve been prevented.
Robin: It’s too late to stop it.
Robin: Too late to stop it! There’s so much blood.
Fitz: May, I’ve had it. I’m done. She can’t control herself, she can’t stop seeing how people die, keeps muttering about it…
May: Hold on!
Fitz: She just described Jemma’s death. Why don’t you tell me how I’m supposed to live with that?
Robin: I thought I already told you.
May: You know she can’t help it. She sees death like her father, but she also sees a way out. That’s why you designed the machine.
Fitz: Oh, you don’t get it. Nothing we do matters. Because we can’t change time.
May: You don’t know that!
Fitz: Of course I do! Because we’ve tried! For all I know, we’ve tried a thousand times! Always ends the same. It’s like a record that keeps on skipping, and we are repeating this loop again and again and again!
May: Fitz, take a breath!
Fitz: And every time, Jemma dies. They all die. Robin can’t change it. Voss couldn’t change it. Even Daisy couldn’t change it. She saw the aftermath, and she still destroyed the world.
Robin: Daisy… Daisy! He has a knife.
Daisy: I’ll make sure this never happens.
Voss: We can tempt fate, or we can make sure you never get back.
Daisy: What is this?
Voss: It’s your life or the lives of billions. Aah! Aah!
Daisy: Robin, stay back!
Robin: This is the last day.
Voss: I was hoping I could get to her, but if not I can’t have you give her the answers. I’m sorry. It’s the only option I have left.
Daisy: No, Robin!
May: Aah!
Coulson: Daisy.
May: Go. I’ll catch up.
Coulson: And here I thought we were getting along.
May: Oh, no. Robin. You’re okay. You’re… W-We’re gonna take care of you. Shh. You’re okay, you’re okay. You’re okay.
Robin: Oh. Mom?
May: I’m sorry. She’s not here, but I’ll stay with you.
Robin: You always promised you’d be here at the end.
Robin: Mom? Mom…
May: Everything all right, honey?
Robin: Can’t sleep.
May: Come here. You want to talk about it?
Robin: I wish I never got this power.
May: It’s a lot to have going on in your head.
Robin: Every night, I close my eyes and see people hurting, people dying. Even you.
May: I know. It’s okay.
Robin: You’re not afraid?
May: A little. But you’ll be there, by my side, just like I’ll be there for you in the end.
Robin: I don’t want to lose you, too.
May: We’re special. Remember. We never have to say goodbye.
May: I-I raised you?
Robin: After my mother was gone, we lived together.
May: Why me?
Robin: You weren’t afraid of what I could do. You always said I had a gift. And that one day I could help save the world.
Robin: I’m supposed to tell you something, how you can get back home.
May: That’s right, but not today. It’s too early. You tell me when we’re back on the Zephyr, years from now.
Robin: But you won’t remember me then.
May: Then you remind me. Remind me that I still have an important job to do. Remind me that…
Robin: You’re needed for more than you realize.
May: Robin… Robin, what am I supposed to do?
May: And when that day comes, you have to tell me how to get back. You tell me your vision of us saving the world.
Robin: But I’ve never seen that vision.
May: You will. I’ll stay here until you fall asleep, hmm?
Robin: Thanks, Mom.
Robin: I know you can save the world. You were right. I’ve seen it. I just haven’t lived it yet.
May: No. Robin, how do we get back?
Voss: When you destroy the world, you remember this moment. Remember I tried to stop you.
Robin: I think I can go back to sleep now.
May: This is what she meant. The day it all ends.
Flint: The Roaches are dead! You’re safe now!
Gretchen: Thank you.
Mack: This fight’s not over. If we want to survive, we can’t let Kasius pit us against each other anymore.
Elena: All right. Who’s first?
Daisy: I thought you’d be dead.
Deke: Yeah, I guess Voss didn’t want any more of my family’s blood on his hands.
Daisy: Your dad… Deke, I’m s… I’m so sorry.
Deke: I just hope Robin can help you find your answers.
Daisy: I think we’re on our own.
Fitz: To me, Robin was a little girl only days ago.
Simmons: We’re not meant to see a life like this, at its beginning and end. It’s too much.
Coulson: Maybe it makes us appreciate how short life really is.
Daisy: So, what now?
Deke: We live on this crashed airplane until the Kree or… or the roaches or the gravity storms finish us off.
Coulson: I think we can do better than that.
Daisy: Yeah, but at least that way, I don’t go back in time and quake the world apart.
May: We do go back. Robin told me how. We can save everyone. Just one question, though. Who’s Flint?
Kasius: They survived, then. I just pray the Destroyer of Worlds doesn’t encounter the Vrellnexians on the surface. Those creatures can be quite ravenous.
Sinara: My orders?
Kasius: Follow their trail. If you encounter any of the human survivors, you know their weakness. Show no mercy.

S5E9:
Mack: Hold your fire! Nice work.
Gunner: Yeah? Why does the guy named Gunner get stuck throwing rocks?
Mack: ‘Cause you’re damn good at it.
Elena: Enemy of my enemy.
Mack: Yeah, puts things in perspective. He’s fighting for a good reason.
Elena: For the record, I like Rebel Peacemaker Mack, too. He’s sexy.
Mack: Is that right?
Flint: Whoa. Two more Kreepers. This is our floor now. No Blues allowed.
Mack: Hey, slow down, slow down. We got a long way to go still.
Elena: Smile, Turtle Man. We did good.
Mack: We got lucky. But now Kasius knows we’re still here. They’ll be back.
Kasius: The humans are alive? Impossible.
Kree: They killed the Vrellnexians. And we lost eight soldiers.
Kasius: How can that be?
Kree: The humans have guns.
Kasius: Where on this cursed rock did they find weapons?! If even one item doesn’t make it onto my ship whole, then I fear neither will you! Am I clear? An uprising. Just as I’m on the verge of leaving this place, Destroyer in hand. No matter. Have the doctor awaken our latest acquisition. It’s time to remind the humans I am not their enemy. I am their God.
Enoch: This Inhuman boy, Flint, you say his geokinesis is the key to building a new monolith, to your returning home?
Coulson: Technically, Robin said it to May, but yeah, that’s the idea.
Enoch: And how exactly will that work?
Coulson: We have a monolith shard that Simmons said has a unique crystalline structure that he can… It’s a rock. Flint controls rocks. I don’t know. Won’t matter if we can’t make it back to the Lighthouse.
Enoch: Then we must hope he remains safe while we wait out the intensifying gravity storm. By my calculations…
Coulson: It’ll last for weeks, and we need to evacuate. Right, you’ve been saying that. Kind of on repeat. Whatever you’re doing, do it faster. How we lookin’?
Fitz: Terrible. Zephyr One’s been a crash site for going on 80 years, so it’s a mess.
Daisy: It’s gonna be a while till comms are up and running. ‘Cause I’m pretty sure generations of space rats have lived and died in here.
Simmons: Not to ruin the mood, but avionics are online.
Enoch: Agent Coulson, we are evacuating to the caves for shelter, are we not?
May: Zephyr flies again, metal man.
Enoch: I am mostly plastic alloy. And Chronicoms do not have gender.
Coulson: We don’t have weeks. We’re gonna outrun the storm. Pull the ground anchors, fly past as many roaches as we can, and land at the Lighthouse.
Enoch: You are confident, despite knowing this will surely end in your deaths.
Daisy: We’re not gonna bury our heads in the sand while our friends are in danger.
Fitz: Well, so much for avionics.
Simmons: Rerouting must have overloaded the MPDU.
Fitz: Need to try and bypass the subsystems.
May: Hey, Plastic, make yourself useful. Secure this in the back.
Enoch: Plastics are quite useful, if not often appreciated.
Coulson: I’m sorry she had to go like that. You want to talk about it?
May: I, um, don’t know where to start.
Coulson: An old woman tells you that she was your daughter and that you’ll save the planet from cracking apart, doesn’t happen every day.
May: It’s hard to believe.
Coulson: That we can do it?
May: That I was a mom. I just… I can’t see it.
Coulson: I can.
Daisy: Yeah. You’d be that no phone, no TV, 7:30 curfew kind of mom. You’re kind of proving my point with the face.
Coulson: For Robin’s sake, we need to make sure this world never comes to be.
Daisy: Yeah. No matter what.
May: What are we gonna do with Voss?
Coulson: I left that up to Deke.
Voss: You’re upset. I don’t blame you. Think about what you’re doing here.
Deke: You killed him.
Voss: Me and Owen were lockstep in almost everything. Always agreed to pull these people out of the past, but once they got here, we never saw eyetoeye on that. He thought they’d come with some grand solution. I thought killing them was the solution. You know how stubborn your old man could be.
Deke: You were his best friend.
Voss: Yeah. Up until the day he tried to end that argument for good. Came at me with a knife, and the knife ended up in his throat. You know he was capable of it. Not how I wanted it to go down, but I did what I had to do.
Deke: It was all for nothing. You haven’t done a damn thing.
Voss: We survived a decade in this hellscape! You have no idea what we went through, what we sacrificed for this. And now the people responsible are upstairs. We could finish it, but you want to kill me? You’re no killer. It’s fine. Like your dad used to say, play the long game. Kasius thinks Quake is his ticket out of here. Let him have her. What’s the worst that could happen? She goes back in time, you already know what will happen.
Elena: Breathe, relax, aim, slack, squeeze.
Mack: What’s going on?
Flint: Check it out, big man. YoYo’s teaching me how to shoot.
Elena: One step at a time, hot shot.
Flint: Hey! Come on. You said yourself the Blues are gonna come back.
Mack: And when they do, we’ll fight them. Not you.
Flint: Look, you’ve seen what I can do. All right? I can help.
Mack: We’ll deal with it. End of discussion.
Flint: Whatever, man.
Elena: You know he can handle himself. He’s killed before.
Mack: Yeah. But now he’s developing a taste for it.
Elena: As long as he kills the bad guys.
Mack: He’s not a soldier, Yo-Yo. None of these people are.
Elena: We can teach them. We took this floor.
Mack: And there are dozens more full of people who have no idea how to fight for one another. We need a plan, not a mob.
Gunner: Mack, Kasius sent a messenger.
Elena: Hey. Come on.
Mack: All right, everyone, back up! Make room.
Elena: Santo infierno.
Flint: No way. Tess? I thought you were dead.
Tess: I was.
Tess: I fought. And I begged. They dragged me to the Exchange. Knives are cold.
Mack: It’s okay, Tess. You’re safe.
Tess: But I don’t feel the same.
Mack: Well, you’ve been put through a lot.
Tess: I was dead. And then screaming, my heart on fire. Kasius was there, smiling.
Flint: Is he magic?
Elena: S.H.I.E.L.D. dealt with something like this before.
Mack: In our time, we’ve seen Kree biology bring people back.
Flint: How is that possible?
Tess: Kasius said he’d “smothered the fires of death with the blood of the eternal.” That’s how he talks. It’s horrible.
Elena: I’m so sorry, Tess. It was me who took Flint from the ceremony.
Tess: If I could do what you do, I would’ve done the same.
Flint: Look, I say we get in that elevator, we go down there, and we kill them all.
Mack: Pump the brakes, Pebbles. We’ve been over this.
Flint: I have powers. You let me loose on this guy…
Mack: Absolutely not!
Elena: He’s right. We take out Kasius, this is over. He’s just a man.
Tess: No. Kasius is a god. That’s why I’m standing here, as proof.
Mack: There’s only one God, and he for damn sure ain’t it.
Elena: So send me in.
Mack: Just calm down, Yo-Yo.
Elena: I’ll kill the blue bastard before he even knows what hit him.
Mack: And if he comes back to life, then what?
Elena: I’ll kill him again! It wouldn’t be the strangest thing I’ve done.
Tess: No, you don’t get it! If I don’t bring him everything he wants, he said he’d end the human race with the push of a button.
Flint: What does he want?
Tess: You. Everything he needs to keep breeding Inhumans, every child older than 10, and motivation for the Destroyer.
Elena: The Destroyer?
Tess: Of Worlds. Your friend Daisy. He’s working to get her back.
Mack: Motivation? You mean us?
Tess: Or we all burn.
Daisy: Everything okay, boss?
Coulson: Hand needs a little juice.
Daisy: Okay. Well, the comms are up and running. If we can get a line of sight to the Lighthouse, we should be able to contact Mack and… The sooner the better.
Coulson: Once we’re in, first thing we do is get downstairs, remove your inhibitor, get your powers back.
Daisy: Yeah. Maybe we don’t.
Coulson: I need you at full strength.
Daisy: You have me as an agent.
Coulson: Daisy…
Daisy: You saw the video. I was there at the end of everything. Can we really take that chance?
Coulson: S.H.I.E.L.D. needs Quake.
Daisy: I’m just tired of these names. If I’m… If I’m not Quake, I can’t be the Destroyer of Worlds. Maybe I should just be Daisy Johnson, Agent of S.H.I.E.L.D.
Coulson: Okay, Phil. Back to work.
Fitz: Aah! Damn it.
Simmons: Fitz, please be careful.
Fitz: Well, I’m not trying to electrocute myself. But everything has been reconfigured, so I don’t even know what I’m looking at.
Simmons: Wait, I think I do.
Fitz: That’s my design.
Simmons: Yeah, for the next-gen Zephyr. I remember.
Fitz: Complete with RCS thrusters. But that was purely theoretical. It’s useless without… artificial gravity.
Simmons: Oh.
Fitz: Had to be Gravitonium.
Simmons: Fitz, it’s on the base. It’s here on the plane. It’s everywhere.
Fitz: Flying in with Enoch, I was trying to figure out how it was all possible. A planet this shape with atmosphere. Gravitonium would explain why it’s held together.
Simmons: And maybe why it was cracked apart.
Fitz: But it being here also means that… It’s true. Robin, May… it’s all true. This is the same design from the Lighthouse, so unless someone else just happened to come up with the exact same idea. We did this. In the past. After we’ve lived this moment.
Simmons: Yeah, the causal loop paradox. We’d only know how to design it because we’d already seen it.
Fitz: Well, we’re done for. This is proof.
Simmons: I don’t know if that’s true.
Fitz: Yes, it is. Think about it. There is nothing that we do that matters. This is a bloody time loop. We’re doomed to fail.
Simmons: If we did this, do you know what I see? Proof we make it back.
Daisy: I think that was a hospital.
Enoch: Is this your first time having a building dropped on you?
May: No.
Coulson: Uh, okay.
Daisy: Yes, that’s what I’m talking about.
Coulson: You were gone a long time. Is Voss still among us?
Deke: He knows stuff we don’t. I thought we might still need him.
May: Ha! Yes!
Coulson: Are the engines good to go?
Simmons: In theory, but, sir, we found something.
Fitz: Zephyr One’s been upgraded significantly.
Coulson: Will those upgrades help us take off?
Fitz: Uh, well, no…
Coulson: ‘Cause it’s time to fly. May!
May: Okay. Once we have ignition, be ready to lift the ground anchors. Here we go.
Fitz: Oh. Come on.
Coulson: Talk to me, Fitz.
Fitz: Well, the engines just blew out, so we can’t take off.
Enoch: As was previously advised, we should now evacuate to the caves. I’ll go first.
Tess: Look, we need to go to Kasius now. We’re out of time.
Mack: No one’s going anywhere until we know exactly what we’re up against.
Elena: I’ll go. He wants me. Hand me over.
Mack: You always do. This is always the same argument.
Elena: Zip-zip, I chop his head off, done!
Flint: Yeah, count me in.
Mack: You’ll get yourselves killed.
Tess: If we don’t go, he’ll make every one of us a vacancy.
Mack: With the push of a button, right? So how’s he gonna do that? Best guess, he’d have a trigger installed to remotely cut our oxygen.
Elena: Another reason to deal with him quickly.
Mack: Humor me.
Flint: I don’t see nothing.
Tess: Please, I hate this, too, but we need to give Kasius what he wants.
Elena: Maybe he’s bluffing.
Tess: He’s wiped out floors before. His exact words were, “They’ll all burn.”
Mack: “They’ll all burn.”
Flint: Is that a bomb?
Mack: Hardwired directly to the O2 lines for this floor. That’s pure oxygen.
Elena: If there’s one on every line and on every human floor, there’s got to be hundreds.
Flint: Kasius could kill us in a flash.
Mack: Not just kill. Incinerate.
Deke: All right. Time’s up. Move out.
Man: Let’s go.
Daisy: Finally starting to get a hang of this whole goodguy thing.
Deke: Yeah, just in time for the sky to fall and kill us all. Good timing, Deke. What makes you say that?
Daisy: Voss. You let him live.
Deke: Doesn’t mean I’m good. Maybe I’m just spineless.
Daisy: Killing is never the better option.
Deke: If it can prevent more pain, maybe. I’m sure you’ve done it. My dad could be very violent, but only when he needed to be. You learn that in the Lighthouse. A life spent, a life earned.
Daisy: Never a life saved?
Deke: That’s my point. Shouldn’t I be able to pull the trigger if I think that person could do more harm?
Daisy: I don’t think Voss is a threat to anyone but me.
Deke: Right. No, you’re right.
Deke: Get as far into the caves as possible. We’re right behind you.
Voss: You here to waste me for good?
Coulson: That’s not how I roll. But don’t push your luck. You’re going into the caves. Turn around.
Voss: That’s why you fail. 'Cause you’re not willing to do what has to be done.
Coulson: Clearly, you haven’t read my file. We’re not in the habit of killing unarmed people.
Voss: You think that was easy? She was a friend. You seem to be just fine with the continents you’ll let die.
Coulson: What makes you certain that we cause it?
Voss: History. There was a light from the sky. Aliens is what I heard. S.H.I.E.L.D. tried to stop it and failed. Brought Hell to Earth.
Coulson: As cryptic prophecies go, you’d give Robin a run for her money.
Voss: That was from her. She said that was the start, and then your girl finished it. Sadly, you’ll see for yourself.
Deke: We need to go!
Voss: You waiting to get Daisy alone?
Deke: Shut your trap. I’m not gonna do anything to anyone except maybe you.
Voss: You keep telling yourself that, but you’re not like them. You’ll do what’s right.
Coulson: Now’s the time, Deke. You should go, too.
Deke: No, I’ve come this far. I need to see it through.
Mack: It’s an impossible choice. As leaders of your floors, we need you with us. This took me all of an hour to disconnect, but it can’t be disabled and it’s triggered remotely. Kasius’ demands must be met.
Gunner: Wait, you want us to hand our kids over to that lunatic? Hell, no!
Elena: Even if we were crazy enough to do that, we can’t trust Kasius to hold his end of the bargain.
Gunner: Then we fight! Take him out!
Mack: Suicide. He’ll burn us all.
Gunner: We’ll fight!
Mack: Listen! Yo-Yo and I are turning ourselves over to him.
Gunner: Kasius will kill you.
Elena: Maybe. Or maybe we get close enough to take him out of the picture.
Mack: There’s no other way. Now, you won’t see us again. But if we succeed, your children will be safe.
Elena: The most important thing is that you keep your heads down and keep working.
Tess: Kasius is insane. If they fail, he’ll invent new ways to punish us, to make us suffer.
Flint: Don’t go back. I could sneak you on another floor, keep you safe.
Tess: Flint, there’s nowhere to run.
Flint: I can’t lose you again, Tess. I don’t have anyone else.
Tess: I think you do.
Flint: Look, let me go with you. Let me fight.
Mack: There are other ways to fight. Remember what we said.
Elena: These people need you now.
Daisy: Z-One can’t take much more of this!
Simmons: Let’s just hope it’s here at all after the storm.
Enoch: The sensation of death is one that I have yet to experience.
May: Maybe I can help you with that!
Coulson: Almost everyone else is gone. Let’s move!
Simmons: Cut the anchors.
Deke: Did she hit her head?
Simmons: Cut the ground anchors! Let a gravity wave take us. That’s how we get in the air.
May: We can’t fly without engines!
Simmons: Maybe we don’t have to.
Coulson: Simmons!
Simmons: The upgrades. Zephyr One has Reaction Control System thrusters, meaning capable of maneuvering in space.
Fitz: If we could get high enough, we could break through Earth’s diminished gravity. We could fly in space straight to the Lighthouse.
Simmons: Yeah.
Deke: No, right?! That’s a bad idea, right?! Could that actually work?
Fitz: Assuming we don’t get crushed by debris.
Simmons: Slammed back to the ground.
Fitz: Our thrusters don’t run out of power.
Simmons: And spin out into the void. We’re in!
Daisy: Same.
Deke: I used to be really good at selfpreservation!
Coulson: May, can you pilot us through a gravity storm?
Daisy: Another mom face.
Coulson: You can do this. We can do this.
Simmons: Yeah, okay:
Doyle: When did you get so soft, Fletcher? Put your back into it! We got to go! Hey! You’re going the wrong way. We got to get underground. All right. You’re on your own.
Kree: Your messenger has returned.
Kasius: Wonderful. Send them in. Alone? It appears I did not properly detail the consequences of your failure.
Tess: I’m sorry. I told them what you said, but they wouldn’t come.
Kasius: Perhaps you should burn along with the rest of your kind, coming to me empty-handed.
Tess: I’m alone but not empty-handed.
Kasius: Where did you get those?
Tess: I gave them your message. They insisted on sending one back. They’re holding your research floor until you come and meet them.
Kasius: Meet them? I will send a battalion to grind their bones to dust.
Tess: But that’s the thing. If you don’t go and face them, they’ll burn your ability to breed another Inhuman. With “the push of a button.” That’s how they wanted me to say it.
Kasius: Bring her.
Daisy: Coulson!
Deke: Whoa. Yikes. That is definitely gonna get infected.
Daisy: Are you okay?
Coulson: I’ve been worse, but I’ve been better, too.
Enoch: As the gravitational forces accelerate, our chances of implosion are rapidly increased.
May: Tell me your primary function again?
Enoch: To observe and record the evolution of your species.
May: More observing, less sharing.
Fitz: Thrusters and artificial gravity are ready! We’ll have about 10 minutes of power to both!
Simmons: Don’t fire the thrusters until we’re at the very edge of the atmosphere or we will certainly die!
May: Great! Everybody buckle in! No! The anchors won’t release.
Coulson: What?
May: The anchors are stuck. We can’t lift off.
Daisy: I’m on it!
Elena: Don’t look at me like that. We agreed to do this.
Mack: Yeah, as long as we keep our heads.
Elena: We won’t be the ones losing heads.
Mack: Look, there’s no way to know how Kasius activates his explosives, so until we see the controls…
Elena: “Don’t do anything rash, stay calm, and don’t kill anyone, Yo-Yo.” Yes, I remember your many stern warnings.
Mack: Okay. 'Cause we both know you don’t exactly do well around people like this.
Elena: Evil men who kidnap and torment defenseless women and children? No, I don’t.
Mack: Yeah. I hope Flint’s all right. We put a lot on him today.
Elena: The people like him. If anyone can keep them together, it’s him.
Mack: He’s a kid.
Elena: Well, I wasn’t much older when I started out. He’ll be fine. You know I’m right.
Mack: Please.
Elena: No promises.
Mack: I got to say, that… that’s not what I pictured.
Kasius: Yo-Yo Rodriguez? How peculiar.
Elena: Says the space mime.
Mack: Nobody moves!
Kasius: You think you’re invincible. But in the end, you will submit.
Mack: Give us the controls to your explosives upstairs, or your Inhumanmaking days are over.
Kasius: Throw yourself at my feet, and I will consider bringing you back after having you slaughtered.
Mack: Yo-Yo…
Elena: We’re not scared of you. You hide behind stronger men and force them to do your bidding. You’re a coward.
Kasius: It’s ironic, really. You would trade Inhumans for Humans when that very deal was brokered ages ago. In all my time here, the one defining trait of your kind, you will always turn on one another.
Daisy: Turn, damn it! Come on.
Sinara: Kasius misses you.
Fitz: May! Hit the gravity!
Deke: Aah!
Enoch: If I had a stomach, the vomiting would begin now.
Coulson: Thrusters?! Talk to me, Fitz!
Simmons: Ah!
Fitz: We’re not high enough yet!
Simmons: This was a terrible idea! I’m sorry!
Elena: You love forcing our choices, so how does it feel to be on the other side, for once?
Kasius: Any moment now, Sinara will secure the Destroyer, and you will have no choice but to surrender.
Kasius: Stand down or experience death like your friend, many, many times.
Mack: You’re a real piece of work, you know that?
Kasius: I am a god to be feared. Humans beg to be ruled. Without me, they’d have perished long ago.
Mack: I guess you’re not a New Testament guy. Vengeance and torment are tools of the Devil.
Elena: And of the weak.
Kasius: You want a devil? I’ll show you a Hell you cannot imagine.
Elena: You’re no god, no devil! You’re just a cruel, sad, little blue man. So why don’t we skip to the part where I end this?
Sinara: I’m not supposed to kill you. But oh, well.
Deke: I knew I was going to regret this.
Kasius: Elena, spare the theatrics. You wouldn’t dare such a brazen attempt, not with the lives of your precious humans dangling between us and the void.
Flint: You really do talk funny.
Mack: Is it done?
Flint: Do I get to fight now?
Kasius: Now that we’re all here, is this what you were waiting for? Surrender or make your play. Either way, you will be mine!
Elena: I choose play.
Kasius: You didn’t think I’d be ready for that? I promised suffering. Now I make good on that promise.
Deke: Okay! Okay! That is quite the jaw you got there. Consider me impressed. Oh!
May: Now?
Fitz: Now!
Enoch: A sound plan, indeed.
Mack: I’ll do it.
Kasius: You’ll set me back, but you won’t stop me. You forced my hand. Remember, you did this!
Gunner: Let’s go! That’s all of them. Let’s go! Let’s get upstairs!
Mack: Tess said you were a slow talker, so we kind of leaned into that.
Kasius: You were stalling.
Mack: Took some time to move all the explosives down to level 25.
Kasius: And you moved the people up.
Elena: They all worked together, every human floor.
Flint: And now they’re out of your reach. Cut off, you Kreeper.
Tess: They’re free.
Kasius: But not you! For all of you, it’s now over!
Mack: Over? No, no, no, no. Asskicking’s just begun.
Kasius: Nooo!
Daisy: Mack, Yo-Yo, do you copy? Mack, Yo-Yo, do you copy?
Deke: Really? It’s like a family heirloom.
Simmons: That we need in two places at once.
Daisy: Alphonso Mackenzie, do you copy? Mack, can you hear me? Mack?
Mack: Tremors, thank God. You all still in one piece?
Daisy: More or less. It’s good to hear your voice.
Coulson: Mack, we’re on our way to you. Do you have Flint?
Mack: Yes, we do. You got a plan?
Kree: We spotted something that…
Kasius: Let me guess. The Destroyer and her friends are heading here in an old S.H.I.E.L.D. aircraft.
Kree: Yes, but how do you…
Kasius: They’re nearing the landing pad?
Kree: It appears so.
Kasius: Ready a squad. We will meet them there and finish this once and for all.
Kree: Kasius, apologies, but how did you know?
Kasius: They have a seer telling them what’s to come? Well, I have one of my own.

S5E10:
Kasius: No.
Hek-Sel: Tear the ship apart. Find them!
Daisy: All clear.
Fitz: Hopefully, we can say the same for Enoch.
Hek-Sel: No lifeforms detected.
Enoch: The diversion seems to have worked. They’re still searching the ship.
Coulson: Good. You’re secure?
Enoch: Yes. The machine will be online by the time Flint builds the Monolith.
Coulson: Easier said than done.
Deke: So, one more time, the machine uses the little piece to trigger the bigger piece through space?
Fitz: Yeah, or time.
Simmons: It mirrors the harmonic resonant frequency of photons, which can exist out of spacetime.
Deke: Yeah, I… I hear you saying words, but what… what do they…
Daisy: If Flint can’t construct the Monolith, none of this matters.
May: Robin said he can, so I believe it.
Simmons: We’ll talk him through it once we meet up with them.
Tess: We can’t go yet. There are still people in danger.
Mack: Coulson’s on it. He’s rescuing the Inhumans right now.
Tess: But not the dead ones. Look. When I was brought back, I heard someone else going through the same pain, the same process.
Mack: Being revived? Who?
Flint: Some Inhuman. Has to be.
Elena: They’re the only thing Kasius values.
Tess: Look, if we don’t find them, nobody will. It’s a whole other section…
Mack: Yeah, but right now, you need to get on that trawler. People are depending on you to fly them up to safety.
Elena: Show me where to go, I’ll go. Tess is needed at the trawler. You guys meet FitzSimmons. I’ll save whoever I can and meet you at the rendezvous. Easy.
Mack: Nothing about that sounds easy.
Coulson: You two get that thing to Flint. We’ll worry about survivors.
Deke: And kill Kasius.
Coulson: Get them to safety.
Deke: And then we kill Kasius? When does that happen? Because some of us aren’t getting out of here on a magic rock.
Coulson: We won’t leave until humanity’s in control of its future. But in the meantime, everyone do your job, meet at the rendezvous point.
Elena: Mack, it’s an Inhuman in pain. I have to go.
Tess: Look at you. A few days ago, you were begging for spare mushrooms. Now you’re the kid who’s saving the world.
Flint: Don’t say that. I liked it better when I was flying under the radar.
Tess: Kid without hair, you were never under the radar. You’ll do great. Get back safe, okay?
Elena: Take care of the big guy. He worries.
Kasius: I’m here. I’m here to care for you as you’ve cared for me. Fix her.
Kree doctor: This damage is beyond repair.
Kasius: You do it all the time for Inhumans, the trash girl I sent as my messenger. Fix her.
Kree doctor: Terran biology is simple. Sinara is Kree. It won’t work. You know this.
Kasius: Stop defying me and fix her.
Kree doctor: With respect, she’s dead. I don’t know how to remedy that for our kind.
Kasius: Then I suggest you study the condition more closely. Fetch the Inhuman trainer. Look at me, clawing at the walls of my own mind. I envy your sleep. You rest while S.H.I.E.L.D. stalks my every move. Scavengers. No, you’re right. They plot to destroy my enterprise as they did the world my father lusted after. Tell me these scraps are not all that was recovered from the ship.
Hek-Sel: From the old woman you sent to the surface  years ago, who spoke of the prophecy.
Kasius: I remember. She who predicted they’d come through time.
Hek-Sel: Yes. I think she intended them…
Kasius: To go back. Of course. Every word from my seer’s mouth confirms they would. And if they’re here, they have yet to crack the world apart. Well, picture it, Sinara. To them, it’s still lush, still whole. Tye. You’ve never seen the Earth as it was. My father who had better vision than his race who shunned him, called it a hidden blue gem. He and his entire confederacy wanted it for their own. Gather my Inhumans, a fighting force to crush S.H.I.E.L.D. With them out of the past, my father will then encounter no resistance. Earth waiting for his embrace.
Tye: Yes, but the remaining Inhumans are barely trained.
Kasius: My family has a tradition. When all is lost, you die with honor. Drink the Odium. It burns through the body. All strength, no pain. A fearsome last stand. A brilliant flash of light and splendor. Go fight. Until the last moment when your heart bursts with rage.
Mack: If we ever get out of here, I’m gonna tour my bike down a very scenic highway till the wheels melt off.
Flint: Isn’t that the thing that kids ride?
Mack: It’s a motorcycle. Imagine a… a rocket on two wheels with a place to hold on.
Flint: Sounds crazy.
Mack: Yeah, you’d dig it. You know, Earth isn’t a bad place to grow up. If you want to come, you’d always have a home with me and Yo-Yo.
Flint: Yeah, well, still don’t know how I’m supposed to build a time machine.
Fitz: It’s a portal, not a time machine.
Simmons: And you’ll build it with this.
Coulson: Let’s go! Go, go, go! Get the Inhumans to the trawler!
Deke: Guns, man! It’s like cheating! They shouldn’t give these to anyone that’s not a really, really good person.
May: You think there’d be a law.
Coulson: Daisy!
Daisy: What happened to you?
Tye: Kasius freed me. I feel no pain. Aah!
Daisy: Feel that? You okay?
Coulson: Just a wardrobe malfunction. You?
Daisy: Yeah. Turns out they have PCP in space.
Deke: I heard you were dead. You look good for dead. I mean, I… You don’t look great, but you… I mean, you’ve been through something, but…
Tess: It’s good to see you, too, Deke.
Coulson: I’ve been where you are right now. Something like this changes you.
Tess: Yeah? I keep questioning what happened, what’s real.
Coulson: That’s real, and it’s worth the cost.
Daisy: Okay. This trawler’s almost ready. We should get to the rendezvous.
May: You okay flying them up to the human levels?
Tess: I’ve been watching enough to manage on my own. I’ll be back for Flint, anyone else coming up.
Coulson: Good. Now get out of here.
Tess: You were right. We can fight back.
Hek-Sel: The ambush cost us the last of our Inhumans. But there’s nowhere to go. They will be caught. Trust me.
Kasius: “Trust,” he says, over and again. Tye, the doctor, my royal guards, failures, all. - Even you, if I’m being honest.
Hek-Sel: Sir. Sir, we need a plan.
Kasius: Silence! Can’t you see we’re discussing one? I, too, have failed. Lost Inhumans. Lost you. The glory we sought evades us. But if I pledge myself, I could still give my father everything he desired, help elevate the Kasius family name. I know there’s a path back to glory. A path back to you. My seer’s knowledge has run dry, that, or she has misled us. Either way, it’s time I used her to send one last message of my own.
Elena: Hello? I’m here to help. What’s your name?
Elena 2: Elena. It’s good to see you.
Elena: This is a trick.
Elena 2: I thought the same thing when I was standing where you are.
Elena: This isn’t real.
Elena 2: I wish it were true. An LMD or a Framework illusion, but it’s me. I’m you.
Elena: How? I…
Elena 2: I waited so long to see myself again, still with hope in my eyes.
Elena: How are you alive?
Elena 2: They killed me, brought me back to take my blood, my DNA, then again and again for years. They revive me when they want, kill me when they don’t.
Elena: What? HHow? How many times?
Elena 2: I held on to the thought of this moment.
Elena: No. This is wrong.
Elena 2: But this time, when they asked me how our team fought back, I tried to give them as little as I could. But I knew you were close. You and Mack. Mack. He’s still alive. Hold him for as long as you can.
Elena: What happens to Mack? What happens?
Elena 2: I practiced so many times what to say. I wanted to be better, save you from the pain. But seeing you, all the pain comes back.
Elena: You’ve been here this whole time?
Elena 2: Stuck in the loop, Like you.
Elena: The loop?
Elena 2: We make it back in time. But then we bring everything that’s to come.
Elena: I… I don’t believe that.
Elena 2: I know. I don’t think I did, either. Until I was on fire, reaching for Mack. And then there was nothing there.
Elena: Well, you can tell me how to stop it, right? How do we change it?
Elena 2: I’m not sure you can.
Enoch: Hello, again. They have located me. Repeat, they have located me.
Coulson: We copy. You sure they found you?
Enoch: The evidence is highly suggestive.
Coulson: We never should have left him alone.
May: We’re here forever if he loses control of that machine.
Coulson: Enoch, how long can you hold out?
Enoch: I calculate 12 minutes.
Daisy: What? That is not enough time. That machine activates a Monolith we haven’t even built yet.
May: We have to go secure the Zephyr.
Deke: Damn it. Really? We had to leave the machine in the hands of some automaton? I knew the moment that I laid eyes on all of you that it was gonna spell my downfall. I’ll go. I’ll secure the machine and save the weird robot.
Daisy: Well, I’ll come. It’d be better if we take the plane together.
Deke: Yeah. No duh. But none of the time travelers can go, because you all need to be at the rendezvous when it’s turned on, so do the math.
Coulson: You’re one guy against the Kree. You’ll be massively outgunned.
Deke: I’m kind of trying to do the whole hero thing here, man. Is that your pep talk? You guys get killed, and who saves the world then? I told my parents not to believe in this roachcrap fairy tale, and they went and they died for it anyway. And I’m probably next in line. But there is no way in hell that I am gonna let some blue Kreeper destroy that machine before I get to see whether or not that damn thing was worth any of this.
Daisy: Look, I’m sure you put up a good fight, but if my ride home depends on that machine, I’m gonna secure it myself.
Deke: You… You drive me out of my skull, this part of you, this impetuous, bullheaded squabb…
Daisy: I was offering backup, genius.
Deke: No, when the other side of you is a friggin’ hero who can’t help herself but do good, then be great. The world needs that person to make it home. Just try not to destroy it when you get there.
Daisy: It was almost nice knowing you.
Deke: And you’re a pain in my ass.
Flint: I’m not sure I’m ready for this.
Simmons: Okay. Close your eyes and concentrate on the stone. Can you feel it?
Flint: Yes. And I can move it.
Simmons: Not yet. So, every part of the universe, from the stars to this stone, are basically made from the same things. And you’re in touch with its mineral composition. You can manipulate it, yeah? So now I want you to feel how this stone is different from others you’ve felt before, but its internal structure. Can you?
Flint: I…I know it’s a stone.
Simmons: But inside, it’s intricate, complex. You know, parts hardened by pressure, hollowed by loss.
Flint: I feel gaps. Like, uh, like someone carved patterns at a micro level. It’s beautiful.
Simmons: Yeah. That’s right. He’s good at this.
Mack: Yeah. So are you. It’s a composite, we think. Mostly limestone.
Flint: I can’t generate rock.
Simmons: Oh, no, that’s okay. We know where to find plenty of limestone.
Mack: Okay. But if it’s a composite, what about the rest?
Simmons: We have a plan for that.
Fitz: They’re coming. We got to move.
Mack: Let’s go!
Fitz: Hey, how are you with confined spaces?
Flint: I grew up in a tin can.
Fitz: Okay, good. What about vast ones?
Fitz: Hey.
Hek-Sel: Submit and avoid pain!
Fitz: We got to run, now.
Mack: Yeah, let’s go.
Simmons: This was your way out?
Fitz: Can’t fight them all. The rest need to be afraid to follow us.
Elena: Whatever’s coming, I’m not afraid to hear it. Tell me how to fight.
Elena 2: I want to. I want to help you fix the mistakes. I want to tell you something different than last time. But the more I talk, the more I hear my words echo all over again.
Elena: It’s okay. Take it slow. Just tell me what you remember.
Elena 2: I remember feeling helpless. Not being able to change people’s choices. His choices.
Elena: Mack?
Elena 2: No. Coulson.
Coulson: How we looking?
Daisy: Almost done. All set. Express train to the bottom of the Lighthouse, no stops.
May: Right to the belly of the beast.
Coulson: Daisy, can’t waste time.
Daisy: I’m not coming.
Coulson: I know you’re scared about going home.
Daisy: No, I’m terrified. Look around. Billions of people gone. If there’s a chance I’m the cause, I can’t go.
May: We can get through this together. You don’t even have your powers anymore.
Daisy: It’s only a matter of time, and you know it. If there’s an emergency or if one of you are in danger, I will need them, and we will find a way. If I go through that portal, you know it’s the beginning of the end.
Coulson: I don’t.
Elena 2: We made it back home, and we fought to save the world from a future we knew was coming.
Elena: We have to fight.
Elena 2: Of course. But the more we fought, the closer it came.
Coulson: We don’t even know you did this.
Daisy: I was right in the epicenter.
Coulson: I won’t let you sacrifice yourself because you’re scared of what’s to come.
Daisy: What’s to come is the end of everything.
May: If you can change the future here, you can change it from back home.
Daisy: But we know this solution works. We can stop this today.
Coulson: No, it’s not about today. It’s about tomorrow. Even if we solve this problem, the world is never safe. The job goes on. We go on.
Elena 2: The team makes one choice, and it ruins everything.
Elena: A choice to do what?
Elena 2: To save him.
Elena: What do you mean?
Coulson: Please.
Daisy: Maybe I don’t go with you. You know it’s the right move. Coulson, as an Agent of S.H.I.E.L.D., you trained me to fight. Now I’m making my stand, here.
Coulson: May trained you to fight. I need you to lead.
Elena 2: Phil Coulson is dying. And you have to let him.
Elena: Coulson? How? How does he die?
Elena 2: It’s already begun. He’s sick and he knows it. We tried to stop it. Loyalty. It cost us the world.
Elena: You heard all this, and still you couldn’t change anything.
Elena 2: I know. Stuck in the loop. But you can forge a different fu… Even as I say the words, I realize I’ve heard them before.
Elena: Are you telling me to go back and change the world, or are you warning me that I can’t?
Elena 2: You need to go. They’re coming.
Elena: No. Not yet.
Elena 2: I hope you travel a path to a world I’ve never seen. Now go.
Elena: Not until you come with me!
Elena 2: Go! This is not my path. Please! Please. Go now!
Hek-Sel: They have nowhere to run. We have their ship. Next, we secure all of the trawlers and squeeze the Terrans until they drop at our feet.
Simmons: Let’s go. You okay?
Flint: Well, that worked.
Enoch: My last experience will be a new one.
Deke: Where has this been all my life, right?
Enoch: Level three, hidden in a wall cavity.
Deke: Yeah, now you tell me. Well, that’s not good. What’s it gonna take to fix you up?
Enoch: I think, at this point, our efforts would be best spent repairing that.
Mack: You got this. Just concentrate.
Fitz: He’s a bright kid. Sorry I killed the guards in front of him.
Mack: Yeah. It’s good to see him building something. There’s too much death in this place. And asking him to blow out that window and the Krees didn’t help.
Fitz: That wasn’t me. That was the fiancée.
Mack: Fiancée?
Simmons: Two… Okay.
Ava: Aah!
Simmons: So, it’s going to feel strange at first, but your hearing will normalize.
Ava: I can hear you. I can hear my voice.
Simmons: What happened?
May: He ICE’d her. She didn’t want to come.
Coulson: I’m not leaving anyone behind.
Mack: Where’s Yo-Yo? She didn’t find you?
Coulson: She’s not with you?
Mack: No, she was picking up some survivors. She should be back by now.
Coulson: She’ll make it back. She’s strong. Hurry. Who knows when that portal’s gonna open.
May: You’re Flint?
Flint: Yes.
May: You’re gonna get us home.
Flint: Yes. I am.
May: Good. What are you waiting for?
Mack: Yo-Yo. Let her go!
Kasius: Uh-uh, uh-uh.
Elena 2: Mack, no.
Kasius: Elena told me I’d find you here.
Mack: Yo-Yo. what’d they do to you?
Kasius: I’ve gotten to know Elena quite well. Pain can be so persuasive.
Elena 2: Mack, run! Leave! Go home!
Mack: I’m not leaving. I said let her go!
Kasius: Look at her tremble. Perhaps she knows what comes next for you. For me? Huh? For all of us here, standing on the edge of timeless, violent glory.
Mack: No! No! No!
Kasius: Aah! Take the Orchard! Slaughter the rest!
Mack: It’s not gonna happen.
Kasius: I’m gonna beat your body with your own skull!
Mack: Elena didn’t deserve to die.
Deke: Ow! Stop it! I’m trying to fix you! It does one thing, it opens a door. You’d think they’d make it simple.
Enoch: I think this vessel is too damaged to power the Monolith.
Deke: Then what can?
Enoch: Me. My battery has sustained me for more than 32,000 Earth years. Modifying the cell stack could create a thermal feedback capable of delivering more than enough power.
Deke: Thermal feedback? What happens to you in that scenario?
Enoch: I will expire knowing I returned my friends home. And then my battery chemistry will consume my body in an exothermal reaction violent enough to decimate several levels of the Lighthouse.
Deke: So it’s not great for the guy that’s standing next to you flipping the switch.
Enoch: That person would be completely atomized.
Coulson: Deke, come in.
Deke: I’m liking this plan less. Yeah, we’re here.
Coulson: We got the Monolith built. I think it might work. How’s the machine coming?
Deke: Yeah, all right. That’s great. We found a fix for the machine.
Coulson: Good. You were right about taking the Zephyr.
Deke: Just make sure everyone’s in place the second we get it powered on, all right? We’re only gonna get one shot at this.
Coulson: Right. You know, your parents would be proud of you.
Deke: I’ll find out soon enough. Well, we’re about to give them a hell of a show.
Coulson: Thanks. We’ll have everyone in place. That machine’s going to explode. It’s not safe down here.
Flint: What?
Coulson: You’re welcome to come back with us, but if not, you got to leave now. Meet Tess at the trawler.
Ava: Where? Which one?
Flint: But Mack, Yo-Yo, they’re not back yet. I… Tell them I had more work to do. Come on. I know the way.
Ava: Thank you.
Simmons: Coulson, what’s happening?
Coulson: Where are they?
Mack: There’s nothing you can do to me.
Kasius: I want to watch the light die in your eyes. My father will see me. He will have his world! Not just the sliver Quake left behind.
Simmons: Silence.
Mack: Yo-Yo… she…
Elena: Mack.
Mack: How? You were killed. Cant’t be.
Elena: Oh. I’m so sorry you had to see that. It wasn’t me.
Mack: But you were dead.
Elena: No. I’m here. And it’s time to go home.
Deke: Just a few more.
Enoch: I will be offline sooner than anticipated. Far sooner. You need to patch in immediately.
Deke: Okay, okay. Just hang on. We’re going, we’re going. Guys, we got a problem.
Coulson: What’s wrong?
Deke: I’m using Enoch to power the machine, but I’m losing him. You got to launch now.
Fitz: What? No, Deke, it’s too early. The team isn’t back yet. Enoch. Enoch, buddy, hang on. I know that you’ve done so much already, but, please, please, just hang on.
Deke: Guys, I’m buying as much time as I can here!
Simmons: Let’s go!
May: The rock’s gonna open! Get here now!
Deke: I always knew that working with you guys was gonna blow up in my face! It’s about to get literal! Come on, buddy. Just hang together, okay?
May: You know she’ll never forgive you, right?
Coulson: I have to hope.
Deke: We’re losing him! I’m out of time! Son of a bi…
Tess: You sure Deke didn’t make it out?
Flint: He would have been standing right in the middle of that explosion.
Tess: Maybe he at least got the rock open. Some of them had to make it home.
Flint: They made it back. I just know it.
Tess: Well, in any case, we got a second chance. Our friends from S.H.I.E.L.D. gave us that, yeah? Clean slate. Future’s up to us now.
Flint: There’s a lot that needs fixing.
Tess: You’re right. Here’s your blueprint.

S5E11:
Ruby: Sure. Why wait for me to answer your knock when you can just walk right on in?
Hale: And why put your phone down when you can just be a brainless, drooling moron?
Ruby: I always look forward to our chats.
Hale: Ears, please. They’re saying you skipped class yesterday.
Ruby: I wasn’t in the mood.
Hale: Oh, Ruby. I expect better from you, okay? This behavior’s not acceptable.
Ruby: Well, you’re always telling me to stay true to myself, so what if I said my true self couldn’t care less?
Hale: Then I’d say get your ass to class. Otherwise, you’re gonna lose your damn screen time.
Ruby: Sorry, Mom.
Hale: How about I bring us some breakfast, huh? We haven’t done that in a long time.
Ruby: No, thanks, but if I do turn 11 again, you got it. Hey, Mom. Are you a good guy?
Hale: Where’d that come from?
Ruby: Well, you’re off to a strategy meeting, right? How to stop S.H.IE.L.D.? But up until recently, everyone rooted for them and thought that they were the good guys, so are you sure that you’re not a bad guy?
Hale: You’re obsessed with Daisy Johnson. Quake. My orders are to capture her.
Ruby: Not kill?
Hale: Ruby, this is my assignment, okay? And in the adult realm, we all have to answer to someone. Even me. I do what I must…
Ruby: What I must to build a better world for the downtrodden citizens.
Hale: For you, Ruby. I do this for you, okay? So try to remember that. When they resurface, I’ll put an end to all of this. This entire S.H.I.E.L.D. chapter will be over.
Fitz: Ah. Well, that was a hell of a thing.
Coulson: I’m so glad you guys made it.
Elena: Why are we still in the Lighthouse?
Mack: Maybe Flint’s Monolith didn’t work.
May: So we find them, try again.
Fitz: No, it worked. It takes you through time, but to the same place. I’ve been here before with Enoch. We made it.
Simmons: We’re home?
Fitz: Yeah.
Coulson: Oh.
Simmons: Oh, we’re home.
Fitz: I’m gonna try and find some light.
May: It’s hard to believe we’re back.
Mack: Find me a double cheeseburger, I’ll believe it.
Stoner: Welcome to the Lighthouse, the world’s last bastion against the encroaching darkness. If you’re here, you understand the gravity of the situation. The world as we know it has come to an end. My name is General Rick Stoner.
Coulson: Rick Stoner? I’ve heard of him.
Stoner: As you know, certain world events, should they occur, trigger what we in S.H.I.E.L.D. call Project Reclamation. This protocol was created as a black-ops action made only known to the highest-ranking S.H.I.E.L.D. operatives. Once initiated, Project Reclamation is conducted through secure communications we call electronic mail. Our Agents were instructed to gather you, the selected elite, from a host of nations and bring you here…
Coulson: Must have never been initiated. The 1972 Hydrogen Wave Crisis was averted.
Fitz: And, what, people just forgot about this place?
Coulson: There’s nothing in Fury’s toolbox about it. Mack, those injuries need to be treated.
Mack: I’m fine.
Simmons: I’ll decide that.
Elena: So will I. Well, I’ll be there while she decides.
Simmons: Let’s find a medical station.
Elena: Maybe have Simmons look at you, too, Coulson. That’s a bad cut.
Coulson: We can worry about it later.
Simmons: Actually, I wouldn’t mind checking everyone out. We did just experience an unexplored phenomenon.
Coulson: Worry about it later. You look after Mack. I’ll stay here with Daisy. When she wakes up, she’ll have questions.
May: When she wakes up, she’s gonna want to kill you.
Stoner: I see you’ve all brought belongings. Let’s place the non-essentials in the basement storage facility. There, you will also find the latest state-of-the-art technology that S.H.I.E.L.D. can offer.
Coulson: Good. We need communications. May, why don’t you take the tour?
May: Got it. Follow me. This way.
Stoner: See? Here I am, over here.
May: Fitz, you’re with me.
Daisy: You ICE’d me.
Coulson: Yeah, I was kind of hoping you’d forget that part.
Daisy: Sorry to disappoint. It looks the same, but we’re… we’re home, aren’t we?
Coulson: Did you really think after everything we’ve been through, you and me, that there was any universe in which I left you behind?
Daisy: Even with all of the risks that…
Coulson: Don’t care. I need you here.
Stoner: This S.H.I.E.L.D. technology should make you think the 1980s got here a bit early.
Fitz: Okay. Not really a “dream come true” scenario. There’s stuff here we can use with some adjustments.
Stoner: Now, don’t stand there gawking. Please follow me into the next room to deposit your valuables in the provided lock boxes. And you in the back, try to keep up.
Fitz: What is it? Oh. That’s quite unsettling.
May: Where did they come from? Unknown.
Noah: Ah. Perhaps I should not have startled you. Hello. I’m Noah. I’m a sentient Chronicom from a planet which revolves around a star in the constellation…
Fitz: Cygnus.
May: Got it.
Fitz: You’re a Chronicom?
Noah: I am.
Fitz: Did you know Enoch?
Noah: I did. He is the one who alerted me to the presence of this place. I’m glad to see you made your return journey safely, Agent Fitz.
May: Why are you here? Why are they here?
Noah: This bunker was built with extensive fallout shielding. Ergo, a secure place to store unsafe items.
May: These Monoliths are more than unsafe. No one should get anywhere near them.
Noah: The other deciding factor. Everyone who knows about this bunker is now inside of it. So the world is protected from these Monoliths, and they are protected from the outside world.
Fitz: So the outside world up there is still safe, normal and all that?
Noah: For now, though we are watching very closely. Follow me upstairs. I’ll show you.
Noah: Here, we can monitor any unusual activity anywhere on Earth. We Chronicoms monitor the line between the world and a stranger world.
May: Yeah, you monitor it and do nothing about it.
Noah: Yes, we observe without interfering, unless there is…
May & Fitz: An extinction-level event.
Fitz: Yeah, we got it.
May: Yes, we know that story.
Fitz: What are you observing now?
Noah: Various potential threats. You’d be surprised how frequently S.H.I.E.L.D. is mentioned.
May: We have a small but active fan base.
Noah: There are several events of note. A well-known politician attempting to delete his FBI files. An Asgardian spotted in the city.
May: What’s this one?
Noah: Potential alien contact. Why? Does this event mean something to you?
May: Yeah. I think it does.
Coulson: A light from the sky.
May: Figured you’d be interested.
Coulson: This is what Voss warned me about. If he’s right, then this is where it all starts, hell on Earth.
Mack: And we’re back.
Coulson: How long since it first appeared?
Noah: It showed up a few weeks ago, then appeared intermittently for some time after.
Elena: You think it’s alien?
Noah: The wavelength is unusual.
Simmons: Showed up where? Where was this?
Noah: St. Louis, Missouri.
Coulson: Well, guess we’re going to St. Louis, Missouri.
Fitz: Hunter and I left the Zephyr cloaked just outside of town. I’ll show you where it is.
Daisy: Great. But I’m not going.
Simmons: What?
Daisy: If I’m responsible for ending the world, I’d rather not get near one of the first omens. Hard pass.
Coulson: We could use you out there.
Daisy: I’ll be more useful in here. I’ll run back end on the mission with all of Noah’s dope-ass equipment. Dope-ass is a… it’s a good thing.
May: So, what do we do? Just walk out the front door into town?
Mack: Well, we are wanted. After what Fitz said about General Hale’s task force, we need to be covert.
Noah: You will be. The Lighthouse has a few covert entrances.
Simmons: This place has secret tunnels, like an Agatha Christie novel.
Mack: More like “C.H.U.D.”
Noah: There are a few tunnels, but this one takes you underground to the charming, little town of River’s End. From there, it is up to you.
Coulson: No time like the present. Let’s go.
Fitz: We really are home.
Coulson: We have to get moving. How about that one, Mack?
Mack: Sure.
Elena: Here comes the catch.
Mack: But there’s a catch.
May: Come on. We’re damn spies.
Simmons: I think it’s admirable of him.
Coulson: We’ll return the van when we’re done. No stealing, I promise.
Daisy: If I’m gonna be holed up here for a while, it’s good to know that it’s fortified. It’s kind of the perfect place to hide out.
Noah: You are typing with my keyboard. Which is fine. It does not bother me, even though you did not ask. But why are you typing?
Daisy: I’m setting up an alert. Even though my friends have been out in the world for like four minutes, it’ll let me know if one of them is spotted.
Noah: It has been much longer than four min…
Daisy: Dramatic effect, Noah.
Coulson: These things look roomier from the outside.
Mack: It’ll get us where we need to go.
May: Hey, could be worse.
Simmons: True. We could be enslaved by an alien sociopath in a dystopian future.
Mack: Or we could be trapped inside a virtual-reality fascist state.
Fitz: Or stuck at the bottom of the ocean.
Elena: Or stopping a crazy robot lady.
Simmons: Or falling out of a plane.
Mack: Fighting Daisy’s mom.
Coulson: Or fighting Daisy’s dad.
May: Or dancing.
Daisy: Wait. We’re not just wanted. We’re most wanted. Top of the lists. All the lists.
Noah: Yes. It seems you are the object of much interest right now.
Daisy: Every local P.D. has our picture, which means to anyone with a badge, we’re famous.
Coulson: Everyone just stay calm.
Mack: Hi, officer. Is there a problem?
Officer: Hey, you tell me.
Mack: Oh, this right here. Um, I was sparring.
Officer: No, I mean the van. This is John Nickel’s van.
Mack: Yeah, yeah.
Officer: I mean, is it a clunker or what? ‘Cause he’s been trying to sell it for months. Hey, be honest how badly did he fleece you on this?
Mack: Oh. Are you kidding me? You know how long I’ve been looking for a 1975 T2 1600 engine with shag carpeting? John’s price was more than fair. It was a steal.
Officer: First time for everything, I guess.
Mack: Yeah.
Officer: You guys have a great day.
Coulson: You too.
Mack: Thank you. That’s closer than I would’ve liked.
Coulson: We’re lucky this is a quiet, simple town. If we don’t make any noise, we can keep it that way.
Deke: Oh, boy. You got to be kidding me. Not from here.
Woman: Hey, I get it. It’s a pretty tree.
Deke: Yeah, I’ve never seen anything like it.
Woman: Yeah, that’ll probably stop when whatever you took wears off.
Deke: Hey, I got some of it right. Barkeep. I’d like to try a beer, a real one, please.
Bartender: One real beer. You got it.
Deke: Mm. Oh. God! That does not taste like it looks. Do you have anything else that’s like this but delicious?
Bartender: Yeah.
Deke: Mm.
Deke: Oh.
Bartender: I just need you to settle up, buddy.
Deke: Oh. Right. Yeah, settle up what?
Bartender: Your tab. You forgot to pay. Ah!
Deke: Right. Okay, sorry. Here you go.
Bartender: We take credit cards or cash. Whatever works best for you.
Deke: Right. Credit cards or cash, ‘cause that’s how people pay for things here, now, here. Okay. Ohh!
Bartender: Dude.
Deke: No, it’s okay, man. I’m from the future.
Coulson: How do you feel?
May: Like I’ve never loved gravity more. Hey. Maybe you should have Simmons take a look.
Coulson: I’m fine. Just a headache.
Fitz: Sir. I think we found something.
Coulson: You got a location where that light is pointing?
Simmons: It’s an Aerospace Industry’s laboratory. Just seemed a bit serendipitous.
Fitz: Yeah, so it got me thinking. We were assuming we were seeing a light coming down from the sky.
Coulson: But we’re not.
Fitz: Well, it looks like that because of the frame rate. It’s like how a strobe can make dripping water look like it’s moving upwards. So if I adjust the frames per second…
Coulson: It’s being sent from Earth.
Fitz: Yeah. So once we saw that, we knew what it was.
Simmons: Noah said the wavelength was unusual. He was right, but it’s also familiar. This is the beacon Hive used, sir, to call the Kree to Earth.
Coulson: And now someone’s using it again.
Mack: I know what’s got you worried.
Elena: No, it’s just…
Mack: “How will I ever find job satisfaction without crushing rocks for no good reason?” Am I right?
Elena: It’s like you can read my mind.
Mack: Hey. A lot of stuff happened. I mean, Kasius was toying with us. And we don’t know what we saw back there.
Elena: I do. She said things, upsetting things.
Mack: Kasius was using her to mess with you. Or he was using her to mess with me. I mean, we can’t let it rattle us.
Elena: And what if I can’t let it go?
Mack: Well, look at it like this. We’re gonna change the future anyway.
Elena: I hope we do.
Mack: He was crazy, but we can’t let him in our heads. We need our heads in the game. Both of us, right?
Elena: Yeah. Okay. Who knows what’s true and what’s not, right?
Mack: That’s right. Now, do I need to find a giant rock so you can crush it? Hmm?
Elena: Baby, I don’t need a rock to crush it.
Mack: Mm. No, you do not.
Daisy: Rick Stoner, you mad genius.
Noah: What was that noise?
Daisy: It’s the alert that I set up at this… This is impossible. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Noah: This man is unfamiliar to me.
Daisy: I know him, but from where we all just were. He… He can’t be here. I mean, oh, my God, he cannot be around the cops.
Noah: You’re concerned he will alert the authorities to your presence?
Daisy: We’re the only people that he… he knows in this time. He could tell them that. You have to go get him out of lockup. I obviously can’t go.
Noah: I cannot. That would be interfering with the natural course of…
Daisy: You people literally kidnapped us and then took us to another time.
Noah: As has been thoroughly explained, that was an extinction-level event. Also, it was Enoch. Enoch is very reckless. But you know this, you’ve met him.
Daisy: Fine. I’ll go. But first, I’m gonna need your clothes.
May: Still not a soul.
Fitz: Facing no opposition is usually a good thing, but this?
Mack: Yeah, it’s giving me the creeps.
Simmons: It’s a firewall, an actual firewall. It’s a safety protocol.
May: Fitz, signs of life?
Fitz: Wait. Hang on. There’s someone in there, and they’re alone.
Piper: Not another step or I’ll…
Coulson: Piper?
Piper: Hey, guys. I don’t know how the exact people I needed to show up just showed up, but, thank you, universe.
Coulson: Feeling’s mutual, trust me.
May: What are you doing here?
Piper: Same thing as you, probably. That thing’s about to fire up again. I don’t know how to stop it.
Deke: You’re saying that it’s impossible to imagine anything that you can’t imagine. Like, I couldn’t imagine food that was shaped like animals. Like, that was a totally caught me by surprise. That… Look, I get that you’re not believing my story, sure, but I… I’ve got friends. I’ve got friends in really high government places. We just need to get to them, and then they can smooth this all out.
Daisy: Hi, there.
Wellins: Yes?
Daisy: Um, Chief Wellins, is it? I’m here for Deke Shaw over there. I’m his state-assigned social worker.
Wellins: Well, he didn’t mention a social worker was supervising him. Your name?
Daisy: Sinara. Sinara Smith. It’s Portuguese, Sinara, not Smith. Uh, he wandered off during a day trip. My apologies.
Wellins: He was out of control.
Daisy: Yeah. Says you. He’s not even my toughest customer, believe me. Just a little slippery. If you check online, you’ll see that I sent out an alert when I lost him.
Wellins: What are Mr. Shaw’s issues?
Daisy: I mean, how much time do you have, sir? Uh, complex neurological deficiencies, low… low I.Q., poor motor skills. Oh, he hasn’t, uh, soiled himself today, has he?
Wellins: No, but he was quite inebriated. He told us he was saving the world.
Daisy: Mm. Imagine that.
Wellins: Not the first guy we picked up who’s made big claims. Seems like you’ve got your work cut out for you with this one.
Daisy: Chief, you have no idea.
Hale: You look like you’re ready to suit up for battle.
Lee: We just got a call, ma'am. S.H.I.E.L.D. has been spotted. Orders?
Hale: Keep them there.
Piper: I can’t tell you how relieved I am to see you all in one piece.
Coulson: So, what happened? How did you end up here?
May: Yeah, last we saw you, you HALO’d out of the Zephyr.
Piper: With instructions, if the fight didn’t go your way, I tell your story. Make sure AIDA and The Russian didn’t get away with it.
Coulson: Ivanov.
Piper: Yeah, but I never heard which way it went. No news, no confirmation if…
Coulson: If we were dead?
Piper: Yeah, that. So, I looked for you everywhere, safe houses, any S.H.I.E.L.D. contacts I could find. I even had eyes on your families.
May: Oh, great. One more thing for my mother to be paranoid about.
Piper: I was stealth. Hey, let’s not forget I’m most wanted, too, you know. So, where on Earth were you hiding?
Mack: Well, technically, it was Earth.
Coulson: Story for another time. Go on.
Piper: I had my eye on every news outlet, anything that looked like you guys getting into trouble or out of it. Saw a report about a light coming from the sky.
Mack: You recognized the beacon? Mm. Even took Fitz-Simmons a few hours.
Piper: Yeah, well, let’s not forget, that was my first mission to Union City with you all. Called up from the minors. It was a big day for me. Plus, aliens. You know, they leave an impression.
Elena: You have no idea.
May: So, you came here to warn the staff.
Piper: Yeah, and to kick the blue ass of anything that showed up. I was trained well. They have the beacon here on government contract. Just examining it, and it turned on. Totally random.
Coulson: Did they try to shut it down?
Piper: No. They couldn’t. And I don’t do science, so I sent everyone away.
Mack: Well, Fitz-Simmons will figure it out, eventually.
Piper: Yeah, question is, how long is “eventually?”
Coulson: Yeah. Could be too late.
Daisy: So, yeah, if you check River’s End P.D. online account, you’ll see that I went ahead and took care of Mr. Shaw’s bail. What did we discuss about wandering off without permission? Don’t…
Deke: “Don’t wander off without permission.”
Daisy: Exactly. We went over this. Uh, I also went ahead and made a small contribution to the department’s charity fund to thank you for your trouble.
Wellins: Truth is, I have no desire to keep drunks here in the office. You should go, but take better care of your charges, Ms. Smith.
Daisy: Yes, Chief. Thank you. Of course.
Officer: Hold on!
Daisy: Yeah?
Officer: There’s still paperwork you need to fill out.
Daisy: Yeah. Of course. Whatever you need.
Daisy: Dude.
Deke: I know. There’s just so much paperwork, right? Oh. You probably meant how did I get here. Well, I don’t know. I was with the Monolith and there was a shard and I turned the machine on and then the rock turned all liquid. And then it was, like, buzzing, dizzy, and pushing and pulling, but then bang, Zima.
Daisy: How do you show up in another time and, like, immediately get arrested?
Deke: Have you even tried Zima?
Daisy: I thought they might have gotten you to talk about us or something.
Deke: What? No. I know you guys are covertness. I’m not gonna talk about you. You forget, I survived the Kree.
Daisy: Yeah, by ratting people out.
Deke: Yes, true, that did happen. But not this time.
Daisy: I thought you’d be, like, emotionally distraught or something.
Deke: Emotionally distraught? This is awesome! I thought that I was gonna die. But instead, I’m about to go for a walk outside. Also, there is an outside. I was walking here, and, yes, I was pretty drunk, but I… I saw in a store window there was these green apples and steaks and these… and these things called gummy bears. You know what people aren’t eating here is sterilization pellets. I love this place so much.
Daisy: Okay, yeah, but it’s not all fun and games, okay? Great. So just this, and then we’re free to go?
Officer: That, and I’ll need a number where I can reach you so we can follow up.
Daisy: No problem.
Fitz: I think I’ve got it.
Piper: Makes me look like an idiot.
Coulson: You’ve taken on a lot alone.
Piper: Yeah, well, you guys don’t look like you’ve been on vacation. When do I get the download?
Fitz: The power source was being set off by this. It’s a bimetallic thermal expansion trigger. Well, that… basically, it’s a timer.
Simmons: It looks manmade.
Fitz: Yeah, it is. Everything else in here is new to me. This was installed by hand. A little sloppily, if you ask me.
Piper: I told you, I don’t do science. Relax. No one needs to get hurt.
Elena: What is this?
Piper: I’m sorry. I’m most wanted, too.
Coulson: You cut a deal?
Simmons: You’re saying the beacon…
Piper: The beacon wasn’t meant to call aliens. It was meant to call you.
Man: Drop your weapons.
Piper: The guns are just so nobody does anything stupid.
Fitz: Too late for that.
Coulson: Piper, why?
Piper: I followed your orders. Truthfully, I thought you were dead. When they nabbed me, I told your story.
Coulson: To General Hale.
Piper: Everything. Ivanov, Radcliffe, LMDs, Framework. Look, Hale knows you’re not guilty. She guaranteed your safety. She just… She wanted to bring you in. Okay? You don’t have to run anymore.
Man: Your orders?
Ruby: Kill them.
May: Aaah!
Coulson: Guaranteed our safety?
Piper: What? No, I-It’s do not engage. It’s capture, not kill.
Simmons: Looks a lot like kill.
Mack: They’re not human! Go for the face!
Coulson: You were trained better than this.
Piper: No, Hale is an ally. Talbot’s in a coma. She’s general in command. I thought… No, she’s U.S. military. Look. I just wanted to help.
Coulson: And you got played. We have to take this thing and get out of here before we’re all killed. Are you gonna help? Piper, pick a side, but we’re going.
Piper: I’ll cover you.
Elena: Mack!
Mack: Yo-Yo! Yo-Yo!
Coulson: Go! Go!
Mack: Hold on. We’re gonna get you to the hospital.
Elena: It’s too risky. Confia Jemma.
Simmons: We’re right here.
Piper: I’m so sorry.
Elena: It’s all coming true.
Deke: Okay. Fancy stuff. Here we go.
Daisy: You don’t know what any of this is, do you?
Deke: I know computers. These are computers, right?
Noah: Hello. I’m Noah. I believe saving you from imprisonment was wrong.
Deke: Oh. All right, cool. Well, you seem fun.
May: Daisy. Daisy, come in. We need to land, somewhere close, and fast.
Daisy: May, yeah, I’ve got a surprise for you. Rick Stoner put in a…
May: Send me the coordinates now!
Daisy: May? Are you guys okay?
May: Hurry, Daisy. Please.
Hale: You’re late. Perhaps you’d like to explain what the hell happened out there.
Ruby: I forced their hand.
Hale: Is this some sort of joke to you?
Ruby: They’re gonna have to seek medical attention now. Maybe that’s gonna get them right where we want them.
Hale: No, we had them right where we wanted them.
Ruby: We didn’t have Daisy Johnson. You promised me Daisy Johnson.
Hale: She didn’t show up tonight.
Ruby: Well, I think if I keep cutting her friends’ arms off, she will.
Hale: Your work is sloppy and incomplete, and you’ve been trained to do better, which is why you don’t skip class.
Ruby: Does it matter? They took the beacon.
Hale: The beacon was a backup, a prop. You’re my daughter. And a disappointment. At least the beacon will do what it’s supposed to do.
Daisy: Fitz. I just wanted to make sure that…
Fitz: Yeah, we scanned for signals before we landed. We’re not being tracked.
Daisy: Okay, good.
Fitz: We’re just waiting for the internal circuitry to cool down. It takes a lot to power this thing.
Noah: But it is not cooling down.
Fitz: How is sh… How is she?
Daisy: Still no word. Jemma’s in with her now.
Noah: In fact, it is heating up. Run.
Daisy: What?
Noah: Run. Go! Go! Now!
Hale: Mr. Creel.
Creel: Figured I’d see you again soon.
Hale: Yes, well, I told you I’d find you once S.H.I.E.L.D. showed up again.
Creel: I told you, I’m not interested in being the government’s hired gun. I’m done with that. Didn’t do Talbot any good.
Hale: Yes, well, I’m not interested in a hired gun. I’m putting together a team.

S5E12:
May: Simmons give you the all clear? You got banged up pretty good.
Fitz: Yeah, no. I’m fine. I just… I feel foolish. I was so intent on turning the beacon off, I didn’t even consider that it might be wired to overheat and explode.
Coulson: You can’t blame yourself, Fitz. General Hale’s declared war on us.
Fitz: I’m afraid she’s done something a whole lot worse than that. The basement’s sealed off, but I sent the Dwarfs down to analyze the area after the explosion. This one was on its way down when the elevator stopped and opened on Level 27.
May: Looks like your drone took a wrong turn and went outside.
Fitz: Wouldn’t that be nice? Unfortunately, this immense forest now exists approximately 150 feet below us.
May: But there are clouds and… and sky.
Fitz: Which is why its underground existence should be very alarming.
Coulson: I’d say that’s impossible, but after our round trip to Tomorrowland, my threshold for preposterous is way out of whack. Theories?
Fitz: This is the only transmission received back from the basement so far. I think we’re looking at what happens when three monoliths are blown up together. They somehow blew a hole in space-time, and that thing… that thing right there is another dimension bleeding back into our world.
Coulson: So, the good news is Daisy might not be the one responsible for tearing the Earth apart.
Fitz: Bad news is end of the world may have already begun.
Simmons: Sorry. Is it too tight?
Elena: No.
Simmons: And the pain?
Elena: So-so now, but, sometimes, my fingers feel like they’re on fire.
Simmons: I’m so sorry. Daisy’s getting more supplies so we can make you comfortable.
Elena: Thank you, Jemma.
Simmons: I’ll give you some time.
Elena: You look scared, Turtleman.
Mack: Of course I am. The woman I love nearly died in front of me.
Elena: I’m not gonna die. Not yet.
Mack: That’s good to hear. I’m gonna do everything I can to help. I’m sorry. I just get so angry. To make it back from that fractured future only to watch you get… get butchered.
Elena: I’ll get through this as long as I have you.
Mack: You’re the only world I care about. You say the word, and I’ll carry you out of here and never look back.
Elena: Thank you for that but we have to stay and fight. The things I heard in the future, they’re all coming true, faster than imagined. We can’t leave.
Daisy: Okay, so, we need to find where they keep the medication. Something for nerve pain.
Deke: Whoa. “Orange scented.” That’s amazing. Oh, my!
Daisy: Okay, snack time’s over, Huckleberry. Simmons is waiting.
Deke: It’s nearly impossible to get fresh fruits and vegetables. But e-every year for my birthday, my mom would find me a big, juicy orange.
Daisy: Sounds like a nice tradition.
Deke: Yeah, it was. I loved the way my hands smelled after. What about you? Did you have any special birthday traditions growing up?
Daisy: Nope.
Deke: Seriously? Nothing? Were you just raised in a house by sucky parents?
Daisy: More like an orphanage with mean, scary nuns.
Deke: Oh, I’m… I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to be a jerk.
Daisy: Really?
Deke: Well, I mean sometimes I do, because I think it’s funny, but not just then. I thought we were having a moment.
Daisy: Just to be clear, you and I have never had a moment. That was just you telling me a story about your very nice mom and an orange. Deke!
Fitz: It’s our fears come to life.
May: What the hell are you talking about, Fitz? What fear?
Fitz: I’m still trying to piece it all together. But here. Watch this. It’s low-res, but it’s all I could salvage from one of the dwarfs.
May: This can’t be.
Coulson: Fitz?
Fitz: I think that when the monoliths exploded, they tore open something that I can only describe as a fear dimension. And it’s leaking out. See these emissions here?
Coulson: What do you think that is?
Fitz: I don’t know, uh, alien energy. The Dwarf went offline before I could analyze it. But whatever it is, it seems that it can reach inside our minds.
Daisy: Yeah, well, it can do more than that. That Kree almost killed Deke.
Fitz: Yeah, and I don’t understand how, but it seems that this dimension can take our deepest fears and it can manifest them physically.
Daisy: So, Kree warrior. Check.
May: And if that is Lash, double check.
Coulson: What about that forest on Level 27?
Deke: You mean an overwhelming collection of branchy things with birds and bugs and the floor all covered in worms? Are you kidding? That’s… That’s a horror show.
Daisy: Okay, triple check.
Fitz: I’m gonna seal off the lower 2/3 of the Lighthouse. That’s where the bulk of the phenomena is occurring, but it’s flaring out. The fact that it’s reached Level 27 as well as the supply pantry tells me it’s getting worse.
May: So, how do we stop it?
Fitz: Okay. I have a potential fix, but I don’t know how to do it without one of us possibly sacrificing ourselves. Okay. Deke.
Deke: Oh, no. Me? No, no. Hell, no. No, I just got here. I just got to a world that’s got ice cream and the sun and orange-scented stuff. So, no. No, no, no. And in case any of you forgot, I already did the heroic sacrifice thing to get you all here. So, I-I’m… I’m done.
Fitz: I’m not asking you to sacrifice yourself. I just want to borrow your belt buckle.
Deke: Oh.
Fitz: It creates an applied gravity field. And I was hoping there was enough Gravitonium, with some modifications, to create a perpetual force that can stitch together the tear in space-time. Before it spreads, can I?
Deke: Well, anything to save the world, right?
Fitz: Sure. As I said, there is a catch. One of us is gonna have to carry this device down and activate it. And that person may get sucked into another dimension or killed by a manifestation of fear.
Coulson: That’s a risk I’ll have to take.
Fitz: Sorry, sir, but, no. There’s no way. If that rift could spread, then someone’s got to do it.
May: Not you. I’m sorry, but there’s only one candidate.
Fitz: Piper. She said a thousand times she’ll do anything for our forgiveness.
Coulson: Fitz, cool it. We keep her in holding for now.
Fitz: Okay, okay. Well, then, if not her, who?
May: We need engineering, and we need medical. Yo-Yo needs Mack. And without you, we’re flying blind.
Daisy: So that leaves me.
May: No, that’s not who I meant.
Coulson: We need you both. Stop it.
May: I’ll go. I’m a specialist.
Daisy: You’re forgetting that I’m not supposed to be in this timeline.
Fitz: I can rework the problem!
Coulson: None of you are expendable! I go in alone. End of discussion.
Daisy: Wait up. That’s stupid, and you know it. Military tactics 101. You never jeopardize a general when a soldier can do the job.
Coulson: You’re not just a soldier. Not anymore. Like it or not. You can’t throw yourself on the grenade.
Daisy: You’re doing that right now.
Coulson: You have to weigh consequences.
Daisy: Wait. No, hold on. That’s ex… You’re doing exactly what you’re telling me not to do right now. You’re putting yourself at risk, when my very existence here is dangerous.
Coulson: I’m looking at the big picture. You’re needed for the future, Daisy.
Daisy: The future? T-To lead? That’s what you said me when you ice’d me, right? “To lead.”
Coulson: And to inspire.
Daisy: To lead what? To inspire who?
Coulson: S.H.I.E.L.D.
Daisy: There is no S.H.I.E.L.D. Coulson, there’s no S.H.I.E.L.D.! Look around!
Fitz: Okay, let’s just keep…
Daisy: No! No, no, no. May is never gonna be full strength, whether you’ll admit it or not. Mack is seconds away from quitting again because the love of his life, our only other strong fighter, was literally cut to pieces.
Coulson: Nobody quits.
May: Daisy.
Daisy: Piper stabbed us in the frickin’ backs. And Fitz-Simmons, my God, you really want to risk their lives again? They’ve been through enough! And guess what, Coulson, that’s it! That’s everybody!
Coulson: No, that’s not it! There’s an idea, a symbol that must continue, no matter what. A S.H.I.E.L.D. And I-I need you to… I need you to…
Daisy: Coulson.
May: Phil! Phil!
Fitz: Wait, wait. What happened?
May: Get Simmons. Now!
Daisy: Coulson.
Coulson: Are the instructions clear?
Deke: Yeah. I’m on it. Head up and outside, get some fresh air, and check things off the to-do list.
Coulson: You’re the only one who can do this. You don’t even exist, but if you keep getting arrested…
Deke: I know.
Coulson: Then that’s it. So be careful.
Deke: The rest of the team’s waiting in the control room. And I’m, um, sorry to hear…
Coulson: Just get the goods. I’ll be here when you get back.
Simmons: It’s not good. The MRI shows necrotic tissue branching out from the scarred areas surrounding Coulson’s life-threatening… life-ending injury to his heart and left lung. Which is why you lost your breath, sir.
Fitz: So it’s an… an infection?
Simmons: No, it isn’t caused by infection. It isn’t caused by anything I’ve ever seen. It’s tissue that appears to have been dead for several years.
Mack: What can we do? Can we cure this?
Simmons: The tissue is already dead. There is no cure for that. At least, not anymore. I can only surmise that it’s progressing at a rapid rate.
Fitz: So, what does that… what… what are you…
May: He’s dying. You’ve known since Ghost Rider, haven’t you?
Coulson: I didn’t know how to tell you and I didn’t think I should.
May: That’s the deal you made?
Coulson: Whatever alien voodoo was holding me together, Ghost Rider burned through it. That was the price.
Mack: So, what, he gets to burn longer?
Coulson: I don’t know, but my clock ticks faster, and we get to fight another day.
Daisy: How could you keep this from us?
Coulson: I’m sorry. I didn’t want you trying to find a solution when we had bigger problem.
Daisy: We had a solution. Tess was brought back from the dead. We had a solution right there.
Coulson: I didn’t want to go through all that again.
Daisy: So you just give up? You don’t get to do that. You make life-and-death decisions for us all the time, and we’re not allowed the same courtesy? After everything? We deserved to… We deserved to know.
Mack: How much more time does he have on his clock?
Simmons: Um, I won’t be able to tell until I can chart its progression, but even now, he’s at risk of various… At some point, sir, your heart will just stop beating.
Coulson: I’m gonna go check on Daisy.
May: You did this wrong, Phil. You put too much on her today. You should have told us.
Daisy: I… I can’t do what you’re asking of me. I can’t do it.
Coulson: You’ve always been capable of more than you imagined.
Daisy: No. Not without you. You found me, alone in an alley, and you… you gave me everything. A home, a-a belief, solid ground to stand on. But that was all you. You are what I believe in.
Coulson: You believe in yourself, and you should.
Daisy: No, if you want a symbol? You are the symbol. There’s no S.H.I.E.L.D. without you. ‭Th-There’s nothing without you. There’s…
Coulson: Come here.
Simmons: Bad dreams? The hydromorphone makes you drowsy, but the sleep can be restless.
Elena: Please don’t dope me up more. I need to stay clear-headed, to warn Mack.
Simmons: That the pain is just beginning? He knows. And you should spare him. He’s suffered enough. We’ve all suffered enough.
Elena: No! No! No! No!
Mack: No! What the hell?!
Simmons: The rift is expanding.
Mack: You okay?
Fitz: We can’t wait any longer. We have to try and seal it now. It’s getting way too dangerous in here.
Man: Seal off the main road!
Hale: We appreciate the call. This is the first time Ms. Johnson’s been sighted in months.
Wellins: I’m not positive it’s her, but one of my officers thought there was quite a resemblance.
Hale: Well, I’d like to see any security footage you might have on her. If S.H.I.E.L.D.’s in town, we’ll find them. So, what can you tell me about the man that Johnson bailed out, this, uh, Deke Shaw?
Wellins: Drunk and disorderly. Not much there there, if you know what I mean.
Deke: Hello?
Woman: You’ve reached your party’s extension. Fiona is not available. Please leave a…
Deke: Hello? Did this work? Can I talk to a person? Or can I talk to a real person? This system is ridiculous.
Wellins: He has no fingerprint matches, no passport or driver’s license. Hell, we couldn’t find any physical history at all.
Hale: I want to dust and examine the cell. You never know what might show up. He could lead us to Ms. Johnson.
May: You in pain?
Coulson: Not always.
May: Is this why we took a step back?
Coulson: The last thing you need is to waste your time on another lost cause.
May: Who I waste my time on is for me to decide. It’s not like you to just roll over. There has to be a way out of this.
Coulson: I’ve come to terms with it. I got a second chance. I made a difference in a few people’s lives. I don’t want to be greedy. It’s time to make space for somebody else.
May: For Daisy.
Coulson: I won’t be around forever, and despite appearances to the contrary, neither will you. We need fresh blood to lead the team.
May: It’s more than a team, and you know it. None of us are giving up on you.
Coulson: Well, great, because I have every intention of walking back out of that basement. Just because ‭I’ve made peace with dying doesn’t mean I’m in a hurry. Now, you want to help me get into this gear Fitz has for me? It’s super sexy.
Coulson: Okay. Take the elevator to the basement, find the rift, turn that puppy on, put it in the rift, then get the hell out of there.
Fitz: I wish it were that simple.
Coulson: You’re referring to the other things that might be down there, the things that I’m afraid of.
Fitz: Yeah. Along with everyone else’s fears. I wish there was another Chronicom. If Noah hadn’t been killed, I would have just sent him down there. His processor and advanced optics would protect him from a lot of the dimension’s effects.
Coulson: Is this to protect me from the dimension’s effects?
Fitz: Yeah. It’s a fifty caliber. Should take down anything you run into.
Coulson: Okay, then.
Fitz: Last thing. I’ve had to amplify the Gravitonium. So, when you turn it on, don’t get close to the rift. You could get crushed by its gravity field or sucked into the other dimension.
Coulson: Copy that. Don’t get too close.
Fitz: Anything else?
Coulson: Yeah. That other thing we talked about. I want you to promise me that you’ll do that, no matter what happens.
Fitz: No. No, no. It’s not important. Especially now. It’s… That’s… It’s just symbolic. It wouldn’t even change anything.
Coulson: Symbols are important. Institutions are important. People need things to believe in, Fitz. Especially now. People need hope.
Fitz: Okay.
Daisy: Okay, Coulson, we have visual contact. Can you hear me?
Coulson: Five by five.
Daisy: Same here. Loud and clear. How you feeling?
Coulson: Well, you know, what are the odds there’s a giant Stay Puft Marshmallow Man down there?
May: Shoot first, ask questions later.
Coulson: Copy that. I’m at the basement. Here we go.
Daisy: Coulson. Coulson!
Mack: Now what?
Fitz: Now we wait.
Coulson: Daisy, do you read me? Daisy? I’ll take that as a no. All right, Phil. Mr. Peterson?
Mike: Hello, Agent Coulson. It’s time I told you what’s really going on here. Nothing to be afraid of. Got no weapons. And I like the hazmat look on you, but I promise the air’s fine in here.
Coulson: You’re not here to hurt me? You’re gonna let me pass?
Mike: Do whatever you want. Shoot me if you like. After all, you’re the one that’s making this up.
Coulson: So you admit you’re not real. That I created you. In my head.
Mike: Of course. But you know there’s something deeper. And you’re here to face it.
Coulson: Face my fear?
Mike: How am I your fear, Phil? No, I mean face facts.
Coulson: What facts?
Mike: That this is all in your head.
Coulson: Are you telling me that I’m still in Tahiti?
Mike: No, Coulson, I’m telling you that you’ve never been to Tahiti. Or Malta or Puerto Rico or outer space or the Framework or the future. You’re on the table, Coulson, code blue.
Daisy: We can’t just wait around.
May: He wanted us to do just that. We hang tight.
Fitz: No one else can go down there. He wouldn’t know what’s real.
Simmons: That would make it even more dangerous.
Fitz: It would be a friendly-fire nightmare.
Daisy: We can’t just let him die! How do you not have a better plan?
Fitz: One life’s better than two. That’s simple mathematics, Daisy.
Daisy: There are no acceptable losses. This isn’t Hydra, Leopold.
Simmons: All right, calm down.
May: He’ll make it.
Mack: Come on, sir. You can do this.
Coulson: Okay, Phil, back to work. Don’t pay attention. This makes no sense.
Mike: What makes more sense? You tell me. That you were brought back from the dead after many days? Your mind programmed with false memories? In a world with alternate realities and rocks that tear holes in space-time? Or that your brain is being stimulated with electricity to revive it, and your conscience is trying to make sense of random synapses firing off in your brain?
Coulson: That’s not true.
Mike: You know it’s true. Loki ran a scepter through your heart, and we are desperately trying to bring you back.
Man: Charge 200.
Mike: But it isn’t working.
Man: Clear.
Woman: Negative. Asystolic.
Man: Mr. Stark said anything he needs.
Coulson: No, no, no, no. No. I’ve been through too much. I’m not gonna let this nightmare get to me.
Mike: Nightmare? This whole thing has been a dream. And every time the dream is too random or doesn’t reconcile with a memory, your mind creates a scenario to make it work.
Coulson: See, now you’re losing me. What does that even mean?
Mike: You really think your skull caught on fire, Phil? Or does it hurt to have electrodes on your scalp for this long? You think there was an alternate reality where you were a history teacher? Or were you remembering your father, who was a history teacher?
Coulson: Okay, stop.
Mike: You’re reliving mementos of your life mixed with the dreams you wish had come true.
Coulson: No, Mike. This is fear. I thought I’d come to terms with death, but this is my fear of it manifesting, because it’s harder to let go of than I thought it would be.
Mike: Yes. You’re struggling to let go. At least now you admit you’re dying. What’s the hardest part?
Coulson: The life I have yet to live.
Mike: And that’s why your mind created this story, where you spent years doing all the things you never got a chance to do. To vacation on a white beach with blue water. To travel to the stars. To own your own plane, a car that flies, your own team. To have a family. The brilliant students you never got a chance to mentor. The daughter you never had. And above all, a chance to be a hero. You said it yourself, Coulson. It matters who you are.
Coulson: No, I’m not trying to be a hero. I’m just here to see that S.H.I.E.L.D. continues.
Mike: Remember Daisy’s words. There is no S.H.I.E.L.D. There is nothing without you. This is all in your head.
Coulson: I refuse to believe this.
Mike: That’s your problem. You won’t let reality sink in. Even now, your mind is rejecting the fact that I’m just an EMT standing over you. It’s trying to make me into something else. It’s trying to find a way out.
May: Aircraft. Incoming.
Mack: They found us.
Simmons: Did Deke get caught?
Daisy: It’s a Quinjet.
Davis: Repeat, S.H.I.E.L.D. 313, requesting permission to land. Do you read?
Coulson: You don’t know what those people mean to me. Don’t say that they’re nothing. Don’t say that.
Mike: No. No, they’re a reflection of you. Who you truly are. One of the good ones. The real deal. You’ve still got that thing there. And I’m not trying to take it from you. I’m not trying to stop you. After all, look. You’re literally walking into the light. You’re ready. Let’s go together.
Coulson: Sorry, Mike. I’m not buying it.
Mike: Then I’ll take you myself.
Mike: What are you doing, Coulson? Pick up the doodad. Let’s go!
Coulson: You’re, uh, you’re real, right? Please tell me you’re real.
Mike: Would that make this any less awkward?
Coulson: Yeah.
Mike: Good.
Lee: Prints and DNA came back, ma'am. Deke Shaw? He’s no one. As in, no record at all. Could be a Life Model Decoy. And we’re getting calls from towns at the lakefront, more Daisy Johnson sightings. Do you want us to chase them?
Hale: She’s either on her way to Canada, or this entire thing is a smokescreen. Pack it up.
Fitz: The gravity field’s keeping the rift contained, for now. It’s a Band-Aid. We’ll need a more powerful solve, but the anomalies are fading, no new ones are occurring. We have one man to thank for that.
Deke: Oh, come on. That’s overstating it, but, still, it means a lot coming from you two. I mean, obviously, it was pretty touch and go up there for a while, but I called around to tell the Daisy Johnson story and was able to get everything off the checklist, though no one had ever heard of Haig, so I got something even better. But, yeah, I’m not gonna lie, I was pretty freaked out when I punched the coordinates into the phone and it led me into the middle of a grassy field. And it’s like, “Can the Quinjet get here a little bit quicker, please,” You know? But I managed to grave the critters. Pro tip, tuck your pants into your shoes. Nothing gets up.
Fitz: I was obviously talking about Deathlok.
Coulson: Goes without saying.
Fitz: Is he sticking around?
Coulson: No. He rolls solo. He stepped up, helped some Agents on the run. Helped Agent Davis find medical help. But he said he’s leaving after tonight’s festivities.
Fitz: Well, I mean, his arrival was perfect timing. Uncanny, really. Just what we needed.
Coulson: Yeah.
Fitz: What exactly were you up against down there, sir?
Coulson: Fitz, are you stalling?
Fitz: Me? Am I stalling just now? I don’t think so.
Coulson: Because the elevator stopped like a minute ago. It’s gonna be great.
Fitz: Wow. You look stunning.
Simmons: I’m pinned into this thing in 30 different places. It was the, um, only wedding dress at the secondhand shop, apparently. They couldn’t find you a kilt?
Fitz: Uh, no.
Coulson: Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today for a moment we all knew was coming, some of us even before these two did, and I think we can all agree that to wait even one second to do this is playing with fire. All in favor?
May, Daisy, Mack, Piper: Aye.
Coulson: The ayes have it. So, all right. Time for the exchanging of the vows, I guess.
Deke: So, you bride’s side or groom’s side?
Mike: I know them both.
Simmons: I had to write it down. Fitz. I knew from the moment I saw you, from our first conversation about dielectric polarization, that you’d be in my life for a long time. But I didn’t know you would be my life. My heart. My home. We joined this team for adventures and got more than we had hoped, but I can’t wait for our next adventure, building a family together. My love for you ‭grows deeper and always will, no matter where ‭the universe takes us next.
Deke: So, you full cyborg? Or?
Mike: Yeah.
Deke: Cool.
Coulson: Agent Fitz?
Fitz: Um, Okay, um, I have been thinking about what to say. Just Words don’t really seem enough. I think that you are perfect. And, um, I don’t deserve you, Jemma. I don’t. I don’t deserve you. And I’m well-aware that I’m the luckiest man on any planet.
Coulson: Okay. Let’s have the rings. Quickly, please, before this forest collapses around us. Okay, Fitz, repeat after me. “With this ring…”
Fitz: With this ring…
Coulson: “… I thee wed.”
Fitz: … I thee wed.
Mike: So, you got the rings, huh? It’s a nice one.
Deke: Turns out a lot of people pawn wedding rings. I had to find one that was gonna be small enough for his little-boy fingers. And then, for hers, found this ring that looks just like this one that my mom used to wear sometimes. It was my grandma’s, I think.
Hale: You got something?
Lee: I don’t know. Thinking Deke Shaw could possibly be an LMD, I ran a genetic profile to see if he was biologically linked to anyone.
Hale: And it came up with a match?
Lee: No. It came up with two.
Coulson: Now, by the powers vested in me by, well, by the two of you, I am so happy to pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss the bride.
Mike: So, what about you, bride or groom?
Deke: Uh, I mean, to be honest, I don’t really know either one of them.
